michael:  all right jim. your quarterlies look very good. how are things at the library
jim:  oh, i told you. i couldnt close it. so
michael:  so youve come to the master for guidance? is this what youre saying, grasshopper
jim:  actually, you called me in here, but yeah
michael:  all right. well, let me show you how its done
michael:   yes, id like to speak to your office manager, please. yes, hello. this is michael scott. i am the regional manager of dunder mifflin paper products. just wanted to talk to you manager-a-manger.  all right. done deal. thank you very much, sir. youre a gentleman and a scholar. oh, im sorry. ok. im sorry. my mistake.  that was a woman i was talking to, so… she had a very low voice. probably a smoker, so…  so thats the way its done
michael:  ive, uh, ive been at dunder mifflin for 12 years, the last four as regional manager. if you want to come through here… see we have the entire floor. so this is my kingdom, as far as the eye can see. this is our receptionist, pam. pam! pam-pam! pam beesly. pam has been with us for…forever. right, pam
pam:  well. i dont know
michael:  if you think shes cute now, you should have seen her a couple of years ago.
pam:  what
michael:  any messages
pam:  uh, yeah. just a fax
michael:  oh! pam, this is from corporate. how many times have i told you? theres a special filing cabinet for things from corporate
pam:  you havent told me
michael:  its called the wastepaper basket! look at that! look at that face
michael:  people say i am the best boss. they go, “god weve never worked in a place like this before. youre hilarious.” “and you get the best out of us.”  i think that pretty much sums it up. i found it at spencer gifts
dwight:   shall i play for you? pa rum pump um pum  i have no gifts for you. pa rum pump um pum
jim:  my job is to speak to clients on the phone about… uh, quantities and type of copier paper. you know, whether we can supply it to them. whether they can pay for it. and… im boring myself just talking about this
michael:  whassup
jim:  whassup! i still love that after seven years
michael:  whassup
dwight:  whassup
michael:  whass…up
dwight:  whassup
michael:   what
jim:  nothing
michael:  ok. all right. see you later
jim:  all right. take care
michael:  back to work
jan:   just before lunch. that would be great
michael:  corporate really doesnt really interfere with me at all. jan levinson gould.  jan, hello.i call her hillary rodham clinton. right? not to her face, because… well, not because im scared of her. because im not. but, um… yeah
jan:  alright, was there anything you wanted to add to the agenda
michael:  um… me no get an agenda
jan:  what? im sorry
michael:  i didnt get any agenda
jan:  well, i faxed one over to you this morning
michael:  really? i didnt…  did we get a fax this morning
pam:  uh, yeah, the one
michael:  why isnt it in my hand? a company runs on efficiency of communication, right? so whats the problem, pam? why didnt i get it
pam:  you put in the garbage can that was a special filing cabinet
michael:  yeah, that was a joke. that was a joke that was actually my brothers, and… it was supposed to be with bills and it doesnt work great with faxes
jan:  do you want to look at mine
michael:  yeah, yeah. lovely. thank you
jan:  ok. since the last meeting, ellen and the board have decided we cant justify a scranton branch and a stamford branch
michael:  ok
jan:  michael, dont panic
michael:  no, no, no, no, this is good. this is good. this is fine. excellent
jan: no, no, no, michael, listen ok. dont panic. we havent made… we havent decided
michael:  all the alarm bells are kind of going… ringie-dingie-ding
jan:  ive spoken to josh in stamford. ive told him the same as you and its up to either him or you to convince me that your branch can incorporate the other
michael:  ok. no problem
jan:  this does, however, mean that there is going to be downsizing.
michael:  me no wanna hear that, jan. because downsizing is a bitch. it is a real bitch. and i wouldnt wish that on joshs men. i certainly wouldnt wish it on my men. or women, present company excluded. sorry. uh, is josh concerned about downsizing himself? not downsizing himself but is he concerned about downsizing
michael: question. how long do we have to…  oh uh, todd packer, terrific rep. do you mind if i take it
jan:  go ahead
michel:  packman
todd packer:  hey, you big queen
michael:  oh, thats not appropriate
todd packer:  hey, is old godzillary coming in today
michael:  uh, i dont know what you mean
todd packer:  ive been meaning to ask her one question. does the carpet match the drapes
michael:  oh, my god! oh! thats… horrifying. horrible. horrible person
jan:  so do you think we could keep a lid on this for now? i dont want to worry people unnecessarily
michael:  no, absolutely. under this regime, it will not leave this office.  like that
phyllis:  so what does downsizing actually mean
stanley:  well
oscar:  you guys better update your resumes just like im doing
angela:  i bet its gonna be me. probably gonna be me
kevin:  yeah, itll be you
pam:  i have an important question for you
jim:  yes
pam:  are you going to angelas cat party on sunday
jim:  yeah, stop. that is ridiculous
michael:  am i going to tell them? no, i am not going to tell them. i dont see the point of that. as a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer
michael:  hey
ryan:  hey
pam:  this is mr. scott
michael:  guilty! guilty as charged
ryan:  ryan howard from the temp agency. daniqua sent me down to start today
michael:  howard, like moe howard. three stooges
ryan:  yup
michael:  watch this. this is moe. nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck. mee!  ah, right here. three stooges. oh, pam. its a guy thing, pam. im sort of a student of comedy. watch this. here we go.  im hitler. adolf hitler.
pam:  i dont think it would be the worst thing if they let me go because then i might… i dont think its many little girls dream to be a receptionist. i like to do illustrations. um… mostly watercolor. a few oil pencil. um, jim thinks theyre good
pam:  dunder mifflin. this is pam
jim:  sure. mr. davis, let me call you right back. yeah, something just came up. two minutes. thank you very much. dwight, what are you doing
dwight:  what
jim:  what are you doing
dwight:  just clearing my desk. i cant concentrate
jim:  its not on your desk
dwight:  its overlapping. its all spilling over the edge. one word, two syllables. demarcation
dwight:  you cant do that
jim:  why not
dwight:  safety violation. i could fall and pierce an organ
jim:   well see.  this is why the whole downsizing thing just doesnt bother me
dwight:  downsizing
dwight:  downsizing? i have no problem with that. i have been recommending downsizing since i first got here. i even brought it up in my interview. i say, bring it on
pam:  you just still have these messages from yesterday
michael:  relax. everythings under control. uh, yeah. yeah. thats important. right. oh this is so important, i should run to answer it.
pam:  what
michael:  come on. six-million dollar man! steve austin! actually, that would be a good salary for me, dont you think? six million dollars? memo to jan. i deserve a raise
pam:  dont we all
michael:  im sorry
pam:  nothing
michael: if youre unhappy with your compensation, maybe you should take it up with hr. ok. not today, ok? pam, just be professional.
michael:  i think im a role model here. i think i garner peoples respect.  attention all dunder mifflin employees, please. we have a meeting in the conference room, asap
michael:  people i respect, heroes of mine, would be bob hope… abraham lincoln, definitely. bono. and probably god would be the fourth one. and i just think all those people really helped the world in so many ways that its really beyond words. its really incalculable
michael:  now i know theres some rumors out there and i just kind of want to set the record straight
dwight:  im assistant regional manager. i should know first
michael:  assistant to the regional manager
dwight:  ok, um, can you just tell me please? just tell me quietly. can you whisper it in my ear
michael:  im about to tell everybody. im just about to tell everybody
oscar:  cant you just tell us
dwight:  please, ok? do you want me to tell em
michael:  you dont know what it is.
dwight:  ok. you tell em. with my permission. permission granted
michael:  i dont need your permission.
dwight:  go ahead
michael:  corporate has deemed it appropriate to enforce an ultimatum upon me. and jan is thinking about downsizing either the stamford branch or this branch
ryan:  i heard they might be closing this branch down. thats just the rumor going around. this is my first day. i dont really know
oscar:  yeah but michael, what if they downsize here
michael:  not gonna happen
stanley:  it could be out of your hands michael
michael:  it wont be out of my hands stanley, ok. i promise you that
stanley:  can you promise that
dwight:  on his mothers grave
michael:  no
phyllis:  what
michael: well, yeah, it is a promise. and frankly, im a little insulted that you have to keep asking about it
stanley:  its just that we need to know
michael:  i know. hold on a second. i think pam wanted to say something. pam, you had a look that you wanted to ask a question just then
pam:  i was in the meeting with jan and she did say that it could be this branch that gets the axe
man:  are you sure about that
michael:  well, pam maybe you should stick to the ongoing confidentiality agreement of meetings
dwight:  pam, information is power
stanley:  you cant say for sure whether itll be us or them, can you
michael:  no, stanley. no, you did not see me in there with her. i said if corporate wants to come in here and interfere, then theyre gonna have to go through me. right? you can go mess with joshs people, but im the head of this family, and you aint gonna be messing with my chillin
jim:  if i left, what would i do with all this useless information in my head? you know? tonnage price of manila folders? um, pams favorite flavor of yogurt, which is mixed berry
pam:  jim said mixed berries? well, yeah, hes on to me. um…
michael:  watch out for this guy. dwight schrute in the building. this is ryan, the new temp
ryan:  whats up? nice to meet you
michael:  introduce yourself. be polite.
dwight:  dwight schrute, assistant regional manager
michael:  assistant to the regional manager. so, uh, dwight tell him about the kung fu and the car and everything
dwight:  uh… yeah i got a 78 280z. bought it for $1,200. fixed it up. its now worth three grand
michael:  thats his profit
dwight:  new engine, new suspension, i got a respray. ive got some photos
dwight:  damn it! jim
michael:  ok. hold on, hold on. the judge is in session. what is the problem here
dwight:  he put my stuff in jell-o again
pam: 
dwight:  thats real professional thanks. thats the third time and it wasnt funny the first two times either jim
dwight:  its ok here, but people sometimes take advantage because its so relaxed. im a volunteer sheriffs deputy on the weekends. and you cannot screw around there. thats sort of one of the rules
michael:  what is that
dwight:  that is my stapler
michael:  no, no, no. do not take it out. you have to eat it out of there, because there are starving people in the world  which i hate, and it is a waste of that kind of food
dwight:  ok you know what, you can be a witness.  can you reprimand him
jim: how do you know it was me
dwight:  its always you. are you going to discipline him or not
michael:  discipline. kinky!  all right, heres the deal you guys. the thing about a practical joke is you have to know when to start and as well as when to stop
dwight:  yeah
michael: and yeah, jim this is the time to stop putting dwights personal effects into jell-o
jim:  ok. dwight, im sorry, because i have always been your biggest flan
michael:   nice. thats the way it is around here. it just kind of goes round and round
ryan:  you shouldve put him in custardy
michael:  hey! yes! new guy! he scores
dwight:  ok, thats great. i guess what im most concerned with is damage to company property. thats all
michael:  pudding. pudding… im trying to think of another dessert to do
jim:  do you like going out at the end of the week for a drink
pam:  yeah
jim:  thats why were all going out. so we can have an end-of-the-week-drink
pam:  so when are we going out
jim:  tonight, hopefully
pam:  ok. yeah
roy:  hey, man
jim:  whats going on
roy:  hey, baby
pam:  hey
pam:  roys my fiance. weve been engaged about three years. we were supposed to get married in september but i think were gonna get married in the spring
pam:  do you mind if i go out for a drink with these guys
roy:  no, no. come on. lets get out of here and go home
pam:  ok. im gonna be a few minutes. so its only twenty past five. i still have to do my faxes
jim:  you know what? you should come with us. because you know were all going out and it could be a good chance for you to see what people are like outside the office. i think it could be fun
roy:  it sounds good. seriously, weve gotta get going
jim:  yeah, yeah.
jim:  um… whats in the bag
roy:  just tell her ill talk to her later
jim:  no, definitely. all right, dude. awesome. will do
jim:  do i think ill be invited to the wedding?
michael:  so have you felt the vibe yet? we work hard, we play hard. sometimes we play hard when we should be working hard. right? i guess the atmosphere that ive created here is that im a friend first, and a boss second… and probably an entertainer third.  just a second. right? oh, hey do you like the jamie kennedy experiment? punkd and all that kind of stuff
ryan:  yeah
michael:  you are gonna be my accomplice. just go along with it, ok
ryan:  all right
michael:  just follow my lead. dont pimp me, all right? come in. so, uh, corporate just said that i dont want to
pam:  you got a fax
michael:  oh, thank you. pam, can you come in here for a sec. just have a seat. i was gonna call you in anyway. you know ryan. as you know, there is going to be downsizing. and you have made my life so much easier in that i am going to have to let you go first
pam:  what? why
michael:  why? well, theft and stealing
pam:  stealing? what am i supposed to have stolen
michael:  post-it notes
pam:  post-it notes? what are those worth, 50 cents
michael:  50 cents, yeah. if you steal a thousand post-it notes at 50 cents apiece, and you know,youve made a profit… margin. youre gonna run us out of business, pam
pam:  are you serious
michael:  yeah. i am
pam:  i cant believe this. i mean i have never even stolen as much as a paperclip and youre firing me
michael:  but the best thing about it is that were not going to have to give you any severance pay. because that is gross misconduct and… just clean out your desk. im sorry
michael:   you been xd punk!  surprise! its a joke. we were joking around. see? ok. he was in on it. he was my accomplice. and it was kind of a morale booster thing. and we were showing the new guy around, giving him the feel of the place. so you… god, we totally got you
pam:  youre a jerk
michael: i dont know about that
michael:  what is the most important thing for a company? is it the cash flow? is it the inventory? nuh-uh. its the people. the people. my proudest moment here was not when i increased profits by 17% or when i cut expenses without losing a single employee. no, no, no, no, no. it was a young guatemalan guy. first job in the country, barely spoke english. he came to me, and said, “mr. scott, would you be the godfather of my child?” wow. wow. didnt work out in the end. we had to let him go. he sucked
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
jim:  how are things
pam:  good. i thought you were going out for a drink with
jim:  oh no, i just decided not to. hows your headache
pam:  its better, thanks.
jim:  good. good.
pam:  yeah
jim:  thats grea
pam:  is…
jim:  yeah
pam:  um… are you
jim:  am i walking out
pam:  yes
jim:  yes, i… do you want to
pam:  yeah
jim:  great. let me just
jim:   oh, roy
pam:  yeah. listen, have a nice weekend
jim:  yeah, definitely. you too. enjoy it.  you know what, just come here
dwight:  dwight schrute. my fathers name, also dwight schrute. my grandfathers name, dweide schrude, amish. thats my family. i dont know where they came, the amish, came from originally. uh, amland.
michael:   hello. im michael scott. im the best boss in the world.
jim:  my name is jim halpert and i am a sales rep, which is a very important job. um, without me dozens literally dozens of small businesses would go paperless.they would have to write on their hands, or bed sheets, or who knows you know. total chaos, total chaos. i mean or they could get their paper somewhere else. staples maybe. i dont know.
michael:  pam! pam-pam! pam has been with us for…forever. right, pam
pam:  i guess
michael:  yeah, at one time or another every guy in the office has sprayed on pam
pam:  what
michael:  messages?
dwight:  people respond to the human touch and thats what i give them. i can look at a client and i can say, “hello, how are you? hows business been going?” and we can go back and forth for sometime and uh, then ill say, how much, how many reams do you want?” and theyll order it and then ill take care of all the sales. ill make sure that they get that paper. and they appreciate that.
michael:  ah, right here. three stooges. high five.  oh, pam. its a guy thing, pam.  now, who was the one before curly
ryan:  uh, shemp
michael:  curly? very good. curly joe derita
ryan:  just curly. joe derita was different
michael:  well, comedys kinda my thing. watch this, heres curly joe. mmm. me, me, me, me, me, me. me, me, me, me, me, me. oh, i forgot. here we go.  im hitler. right.  me, me, me, me, me, me. curly joe hitler. 
michael:  all these people are walking around and theyre happy and their lives are just going along, ignorance is bliss. but if they knew what was lurking on the other side of that fence that furry monster.  “im gonna get you, downsizing.” no. they wouldnt… theyd freak. and im not going to play god. they look to me for support. and they look to me for guidance and leadership. and i think if i could lie to them and it serves them, then thats what im going to do.
michael:  so this is our sales staff. they are the ones who are making calls and making us lots of money.  this is accounting. the numbers dudes. do not let the job description fool you, they are all completely crazy. especially that guy, he is a mental patient.  not literally of course, that wouldnt work. the last place youd want somebody like that is accounting.  “very interesting, but stupid.” artie johnson. its a crazy place.
angela:  my name is angela and um, im in charge of the accounting department. there are three of us, kevin and oscar
oscar:  its my job to keep the books in order. and, um, i… im, uh, immediately below my supervisor
angela:  oscar, how do i describe him. hes like a stapler. do i need a stapler? yes. but, im still the one that has to push it down
oscar:  theres a lot of anxiety. i dont want to get laid off. this place is like five minutes from my house
kevin:  i dont wanna be laid off. this is a good job for me. ‘cause i need my nights free. im in a band
angela:  not very worried about downsizing right now. because, uh, i think youve met kevin and um
oscar:  can i just say one thing? um, my friend is jewish, art geller. and a couple of years ago he, um, showed me how you can plant a tree in israel, so i planted a tree. so… you know cause… yeah we work in paper. well, you know, i try to give back
angela:  i have a lot of cat figurines on my desk. i think cats, really, are old souls. and, uh, phyllis thinks so too.
michael:  what you dont know… well, it can hurt you, but if you dont know it wont hurt you. then, you can just be happy for a little while at least.
michael:  whats that
pam:  wired
michael:  oh, john belushi. what a crazy guy. phew, freaked myself out this morning
pam:  oh, yeah
michael:  yeah. i thought i found a lump. i checked the, uh… i check the jewels every month. this time… you know, its a little different. it was fine. it was fine. but freaky, man, you know. testicular cancer, god. cancer, whoa testicles. so… whats, um… what you eating
pam:  smoked turkey
michael:  oh, place around the corner. nice. all right. see you later.
michael:  do i need to speak up?  hello.
dwight:  thats fine
dwight:  im sorry it makes me nervous
dwight:  i understand. its in a blind spot because im trained in several martial arts and one of them, uh, includes, uh, an awareness that the masters bring, uh, of anything on all sides of you. it could be behind you or whatever. this is directly in a blind spot, so im trained to respond negatively to something right above my head.  this now i have an eye on. you see, its on my periphery and if i needed to block it, attack it, stop it somehow.  i could come right out. i mean, i know youre doing your job, but… documentary crew member:  its
dwight:  im doing my job.
michael:  i think better to be a happy idiot then a, um… then someone who knows the truth.
