michael:  hey, uh, can i help you out in here
mr. brown:  oh, im all set, thanks
michael:  gotcha. good. id go with the rows. thats a good idea
michael:  today is diversity day and someones going to come in and talk to us about diversity. its something that ive been pushing, that ive been wanting to push, for a long time and corporate mandated it. and i never actually talked to corporate about it. they kind of beat me to the punch, the bastards. but i was going to. and i think its very important that we have this. im very, very excited
jim:  thats the thing. its very sturdy paper and on the back it says, “100% post-consumer content.” what? hello? uh-huh. wait. what? im sorry, mr. decker. i think im losing you.  hello? hello? yeah. hold on one second. i dont know. hold on one second
jim:  do you really have to do that right now
dwight:  yes i do. i should have done it weeks ago actually
jim:  mr. decker, im sorry about that. what were you… can you hold on one second? yeah, just one second. thanks.  hello? thats it. perfect. so what i was saying…  hello? thanks, dwight
dwight:  retaliation. tit for tit
jim:  that is not the expression
dwight:  well, it should be
jim:  this is my biggest sale of the year. they love me over there for some reason. im not really sure why but i make one call over there every year, just to renew their account, and that one call ends up being 25% of my commission for the whole year, so i buy a mini bottle of champagne, celebrate a little. and this year im pushing recycled paper on them for one percent more. i know. im getting cocky. right
jim:  solitaire
pam:  yeah, freecell
jim:  six on seven
pam:  i know. i saw that
jim:  so then, why didnt you do it
pam:  im saving that cause i like it when the cards go t-ts-ts-tch-tch-tch
jim:  who doesnt love that
michael:  hey, oscar! how are you doing, man?
oscar:  all right
michael:  did you have a good weekend going there
oscar:  it was fine
michael:  oh yeah, i bet it was fun.  oh, hey! this is oscar
oscar:  martinez
michael: right. see? i dont even know, first-name basis
mr. brown:  great. were all set
michael:  oh hey, well, diversity, everybody, lets do it. oscar works in… here. jim, could you wrap it up, please
jim:  yeah, uh, mr. decker, please
michael:  its diversity day, jim. i wish every day was diversity day
jim:  you know what? im actually going to have to call you back. thank you. sorry about that
mr. brown:  thank you. thank you. thank you. great
michael:  come on people, lets get em in. get in the cards! get in the cards
mr. brown:  thank you. thank you very much. ok. thanks for filling these out and i promise thisll be quick. at diversity today, our philosophy is about honesty and positive expectations. we believe that 99% of the problems in the workplace arise simply out of ignorance
michael:  you know what? this is a color-free-zone here. stanley, i dont look at you as another race
mr. brown:  uh, see this is what im talking about. we dont have to pretend were color-blind
michael:  exactly, were not
mr. brown:  thats fighting ignorance with more ignorance
michael:  with tolerance
mr. brown:  no. with more ignorance
michael:  ignorance
mr. brown:  right. exactly. uh, instead, we need to celebrate our diversity
michael:  lets celebrate
mr. brown:  right. ok
michael:  celebrate good times. come on! lets celebrate diversity. right
mr. brown:  yes, exactly. now heres what were going to do. ive noticed that
michael:  you know what? heres what were going to do. why dont we go around and everybody… everybody say a race that you are attracted to sexually. i will go last. go
dwight:  i have two. white and indian
mr. brown:  actually, id prefer not to start that way. michael, i would love to have your permission to run this session. can i have your permission
michael:  yes
mr. brown: thank you very much. and it would also help me if you were seated
michael:  ok
mr. brown:  thank you. ok. now, at the start of the session, i had you all write down an incident that you found offensive in the workplace. now, what im going to do is choose one and were going to act it out
dwight:  a few of the ground rules?
michael:  hey, hey why dont you run it by me and ill run it by him
dwight:  ok, can we steer away from gay people
mr. brown:  um
dwight:  im sorry. its an orientation. its not a race. plus a lot of other races are intolerant of gays, so…paradox
mr. brown:  well, we only have an hour
dwight:  i figured it would save time
michael:  ok. why dont we just defer to mr
mr. brown:  mr. brown
michael:  ah. oh, right! ok. first test. i will not call you that
mr. brown:  well, its my name. its not a test. ok? um, so looking through the cards, ive noticed that many of you wrote down the same incident, which is ironic, because its the exact incident i was brought in here to respond to. now, how many of you are familiar with the chris rock routine? very good. ok
michael:  how come chris rock can do a routine and everybody finds it hilarious and ground-breaking and then i go and do the exact same routine, same comedic timing, and people file a complaint to corporate? is it because im white and chris is black
mr. brown:  so were going to reenact this with a more positive outcome
michael:  i will play the chris rock guy. i would like to see someone else pull this off
mr. brown:  well, lets have someone who wasnt involved in the reenactment
michael:  ok, i will play guy listening
mr. brown:  great. guy listening. ok, anyone else remember
kevin:  i remember
mr. brown:  great. youre the chris rock guy and youre guy listening
michael:  ok
michael:  kevin is a great guy. hes a great accountant. he is not much of an entertainer
kevin:  basically, there are two types of black people and black people are actually more racist because they hate the other type of black people. every time the one type wants to have a good time, then the other type comes in and makes a real mess
michael:  ok. im sorry. im sorry. hes ruin… hes butchering it. could you just let me…  every time… every time black people want to have a good time, some ignant ass…  i take care of my kid
mr. brown:  wait a second
michael:   they always want credit for something they supposed to do
mr. brown:  stop it
michael:   what you want a cookie
mr. brown:  now, this is a simple acronym. hero. uh, at diversity today, we believe it is very easy to be a hero. all you need are honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness
dwight:  excuse me, im sorry, but thats not all it takes to be a hero
mr. brown:  oh, great. well, what is a hero to you
dwight:  a hero kills people, people that wish him harm
mr. brown:  ok
dwight:  a hero is part-human and part-supernatural. a hero is born out of a childhood trauma, or out of a disaster that must be avenged
mr. brown:  ok, youre thinking of a superhero
dwight:  we all have a hero in our heart
mr. brown:  now, i need you to take these forms. this kind of expresses the joint experience we had today. and i need you to look em over and sign them as kind of a group pledge
michael:   i dont think i can sign this
mr. brown:  i cant leave until you do
michael:  well, ok, it says here that i learned something and i knew all this stuff already, so… i know, i could sign something that says that i taught something, or that i helped you teach something, so… pam! where is she? pam, could we change something on this
mr. brown:  michael, can i talk to you candidly
michael:  sure
mr. brown:  we both know that im here because of the comments you made
michael:  heres the thing. this office, i think this is very advanced in terms of… racial awareness and its probably more advanced than youre used to. thats probably throwing you off a little bit
mr. brown:  um, its not throwing me. i need your signature
michael:  ok, well i know. you told me that several times
mr. brown:  yes, but youre not listening to me. yours is the only signature i need
michael:  ok
mr. brown:  those are my instructions from the corporate offices to put you through this seminar for the comments that you made. the reason i made copies for everyone was so you wouldnt be embarrassed
michael:  well, here i am thinking that you actually cared about diversity training. and you dont
mr. brown:  dont worry about dating
michael: i wont
mr. brown:  ok. thank you
michael:  yeah, yeah
michael:  “i regret my actions. i regret offending my coworkers. i pledge to bring my best spirit of honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness…” open-mindedness, is that even a word? “…into the workplace. in this way, i can truly be a hero. signed, daffy duck.”  hes going to lose it when he reads that
jim:  yeah, hi. is mr. decker around? oh, well, could you just have him call me after lunch? thank you
michael:  “i pledge to always keep an open mind and an open heart.” i do believe… in that part of the pledge i that just read. but a pledge? come on. i mean who are we, the girl scouts? no. look… the guy, “mr. brown,” he got us halfway there. he got us talking. well, no. i got us talking. he got us nothing. he insulted us and he abandoned us. you call that diversity training? i dont. were there any connections between any of us? did anyone look each other in the eye? was there any emotion going on? no. where was the heart? i didnt see any heart. where was my oprah moment? ok, get as much done as you can before lunch because, afterward, im going to have you all in tears
michael:  all right? everybody pretty? come on. here we go. its time. lets do some good
toby:  hey, were not all going to sit in a circle indian style are we?
michael:  get out
toby:  im sorry
michael:  no, this is not a joke. ok? that was offensive and lame. so double offensive. this is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here. ok, lets go. lets do it. come on. lets have some fun, everybody. here we go. take a seat. cop a squat. and um… thanks for coming in. um… diversity… is the cornerstone of progress as ive always said. but dont take my word for it. lets take a look at the tape
michael:   hi. im michael scott. im in charge of dunder mifflin paper products here in scranton, pennsylvania but im also the founder of diversity tomorrow, because today is almost over. abraham lincoln once said that, “if youre a racist, i will attack you with the north.” and those are the principles that i carry with me in the workplace
michael:  ok. questions? comments? anybody? jim
jim:  : uh, is that it
michael:  yes. i only had an hour to put it together but im going to add on to it later on
kevin:  it was kind of hard to hear
michael:  uh, yes. that probably had something to do with the camera work. anybody else? um
kelly:  i have a customer meeting
michael:  yeah, well, if you leave well only have two left. yes. enjoy. absolutely. namaste. ok, well since i am leading this, lets get down to business and why dont i just kind of introduce myself, ok? um. i am michael and i am part english, irish, german and scottish. sort of a virtual united nations. but what some of you might not know is that i am also part native american indian
oscar:  what part native american
michael:  two fifteenths
oscar:  two fifteenths, that fraction doesnt make any sense
michael:  well, you know what, its kind of hard for me to talk about it. their suffering. so who else? lets get this popping. come on. whos going? whos going? lets go here. oscar, right here. youre on
oscar:  ok, michael, um… both my parents were born in mexico
michael:  oh, yeah
oscar:  and, uh, they moved to the united sates a year before i was born. so i grew up in the united states
michael:  wow
oscar:  my parents were mexican
michael:  wow. that is… that is a great story. thats the american dream right there, right
oscar:  thank… yeah
michael:  um, let me ask you, is there a term besides mexican that you prefer? something less offensive
oscar:  mexican isnt offensive
michael:  well, it has certain connotations
oscar:  like what
michael:  like… i dont… i dont know
oscar:  what connotations, michael? you meant something
michael:  no. now, remember that honesty
oscar:  im just curious
michael:  …empathy, respect…  jim! jim
jim:  hello? hello
michael:  i have something here. i want you to take a card. put it on your fore… dont look at the card. i want you to take the card and put it on your forehead and… take a card, take a card, any card. um… and i want you to treat other people like the race that is on their forehead. ok? so everybody has a different race. nobody knows what their race is, so… i want you to really go for it, cause this is real. you know, this isnt just an exercise. this is real life. and… i have a dream that you will really let the sparks fly. get ‘er done
michael:  why? because martin luther king is a hero of mine. theres this great chris rock bit about how streets named after martin luther king tend to be more violent. im not going to do it but its
michael:  oh this is a good one
pam:  um, hi. how are you
stanley:  fine. how are you
pam:  great
michael:  push it
stanley:  i admire your cultures success in america
pam:  thank you
michael:  good. bom bom bom-bom bom. come on olympics of suffering right here. slavery versus the holocaust. come on
stanley:  who am i supposed to be
michael:  no, that was inadvertent. we didnt actually plan that
dwight:  lots of cultures eat rice, doesnt help me
dwight:  um… shalom. id like to apply for a loan
pam:  thats nice, dwight
dwight:  ok, do me. something stereotypical so i can get it really quick
pam:  ok, i like your food
dwight:  outback steakhouse.  im australian, mate
michael:  pam, come on. “i like your food.” come on stir the pot. stir the melting pot, pam! lets do it. lets get ugly. lets get real
pam:  ok. if i have to do this, based on stereotypes that are totally untrue, that i do not agree with, you would maybe not bea very good driver
dwight:  oh, man, am i a woman
michael:  youll notice i didnt have anybody be an arab. i thought that would be too explosive. no pun intended. but i just though. “too soon for arabs.” maybe next year. um… you know, the balls in their court
jim:  what are you watching
ryan:  chappelles show
jim:  really
ryan:  i downloaded it on her computer. i hope she doesnt mind. she just had a lot of extra space
jim:  no way. i think she likes this stuff
ryan:  great. shes cute, huh
jim:  yeah, you know, shes engaged, but
ryan:  oh, no, the girl in the… sketch
jim:  oh, yeah. shes hot
kevin:  hey
angela:  hey
kevin:  you wanna go to the beach
angela:  sure
kevin:  you wanna get high
angela:  no
kevin:  i think you do, mon
angela:  stop
michael:  ok. all right. no. its good. you just need to push it. you need to go a little bit further. all right. ok
michael:   kelly, how are you
kelly:  i just had the longest meeting
michael:  oh! welcome to my convenience store. would you like some googi googi? i have some very delicious googi, googi, only 99 cents plus tax. try my googi, googi.  try my googi, googi.  try my googi, googi. try my…
michael:   all right! all right! yes! that was great, she gets it! now she knows what its like to be a minority
jim:   mr. decker, we didnt lose your sale today, did we? excellent. ok. let me just get your… whats that? no, we didnt close last time. i just need your… oh. w-what code were you given? oh, ok. thats actually another salesman here. i can redo it if you want to do that. oh, he gave you a discount? no, i dont blame you
michael:  i just hated it when that guy was in here. mr. brown, if that was his real name. i mean, he had never met any of us before, and here he was telling us how to do our thing. i just wanted… i just wanted to do it our way. you know? on our own. man i should have gotten some food
kevin:  maybe some spagh-etti
michael:  okay, kevin. you can take that off that thing, ok? that would really, really have shown him up, wouldnt it? if id brought in some burritos or some colored greens. or some pad thai. i love pad thai
stanley:  its collard greens
michael:  what
stanley:  its collard greens
michael:  that doesnt really make sense. because you dont call them collared people, thats offensive. hmmm… ok, well, its after five. so… thank you very much. buena vista oscar. thank you. good job. oh, my man. thank you brazil. nice
jim:   um… hey
pam:   mmmm
jim:  hey
pam:  oh
jim:  we can go
pam:  sorry
jim:  thats fine
jim:  uh… not a bad day
mr. brown:  thanks for filling these out. i promise this will be quick. we only have about an hour
michael:  yeah. i would like to see us erase 100 years of racism in an hour
mr. brown:  does this company have 100 years to erase
michael:  no, the country
mr. brown:  oh right, more like 200 years
michael:  yeah, more like a 1,000
mr. brown:  okay, um. uh, ill try to make this quick.
dwight:  i am a salesman, okay. and i dont think we should be doing this during prime sales hours. if you can prove to me that diversity is going to help my sales, ill go elephant running with james earl jones. i really will, but not on spec.
mr. brown:  hero, at diversity today, we believe it is very easy to be a hero. all you need are honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness
michael:  i just think that hero? its cute, but its… its empty, you know? its easy. dwight, you know what, i came up with some terms of my own. could you put these on the board? the first one is inclusion, new attitudes, color-blind
mr. brown:  oh, nice
michael:  expectations…
mr. brown:  good
michael:  thank you. sharing
mr. brown:  great
michael:  and tolerance
mr. brown:  beautiful
pam:  um, that spells incest
mr. brown:  oh, my sorry. that is not appropriate
michael:  well, its not ideal but you have to give me some credit cause i made it into a word
mr. brown:  yeah, but its not appropriate. this is not helpful as a memory aid
michael:  i will give you a number of reasons why it is, actually. okay, first, incest is bad. racism is bad. no brainer, right? two, incest. were all a family, right? were all brothers and sisters. racial message? um? number three, and this is a fact. the states where they have a lot of racism are the states where they have a lot of incest. okay? and finally
mr. brown:  okay, michael, i just
michael:  no, no, no, no, wait. final one, final one this is important. the more we can encourage interracial dating as a society the further away we get from incest, literally
pam:  it wouldve been just as easy for him to spell insect. of course, that wouldnt have made any sense either.
mr. brown:  does anyone have anything else at all? anyone besides michael
ryan:  i have something
mr. brown:  yes, please
ryan:  um, well i grew up here in scranton and when i was a kid the guy who lived next door was a former baseball player, who actually played pro ball before the leagues were integrated. and he had the most incredible stories about
michael:  okay. im sorry, im sorry this guys a temp and i shouldve told you that
mr. brown:  no, no, no, no. an outsiders perspective would probably be pretty helpful
michael:  yeah, but no, seriously. uh, you know, hes not a member of the full staff so, uh, ryan you wanna just step outside
ryan:  what do you want me to do
michael:  well, maybe you should go down to the parking lot. you know what. yes, go down to the parking lot and check to se if any of our guests have parked in the handicapped spots. cool? ‘cause the handicaps get a raw deal. oh, you know what. that ties right into new attitudes. new attitudes about handicap people. very important
mr. brown:  im sorry, michael. were actually out of time.
pam:  yeah, um, theres good things about michael. he uh, uh… yeah, definitely. um…
michael:  “in this way, i can truly be a hero. signed, daffy duck.”  hes going to lose it when he reads that. doh! hogan! not again, hogan! get col. burkhalter on the phone!  im kind of a hogan around here. and kind of, jan is kind of col. burkhalter, then dwight is schultz. but, its… oh, god. we have fun. we have fun. ‘cause hes gonna be pissed.  no doubt about it.
dwight:  what you doing
jim:  freecell
dwight:  solitaire is a one-player game. it cant have two players
jim:  well, i mean
dwight:  whats your win rate
pam:  seventy-six percent. whats yours
dwight:  youre not allowed to play two-player. you need to start over
pam:  youre doing fine.
michael:  are we going? dont do that. just say action when were ready
dwight:  dunder mifflin, michael scott, diversity tomorrow, take four. and action
michael:   should i… turn, no. do it again
dwight:  diversity tomorrow, take five. action
michael:  hi. im michael scott. im in charge of dunder mifflin paper products here in scranton, pennsylvania but im also the founder of diversity tomorrow, because today is almost over. abraham lincoln once said that, “if youre a racist, i will attack you with the north.” and those are the principles… damn it. okay, sorry. dont laugh; please dont laugh this time dwight. youre… its, its bugging me. let me give myself a countdown, ready? three, two, one
dwight:  take six
michael:  just let me do it! god! three, two, one. hi. im michael scott. im in charge of dunder mifflin paper products here in scranton… keep the camera steady please! people are gonna get sea sick watching this. ready? three, two, one
dwight:  action
michael:  dont. please dont say anything.  oh, god
dwight:  and action… lights, camera, action. whenever youre ready
michael:  could i count myself down please, dwight. three, two, one. hi. im michael scott. im in charge of dunder mifflin paper products here in scranton, pennsylvania but im also the founder of diversity tomorrow, because today is almost over. abraham lincoln once said that, “if youre a racist, i will attack you with the north.” and those are the principles that i carry with me in the workplace
dwight:  cut.
michael:   i want you to push it. i want you to push cause breakthroughs are right around the corner. somethings going to pop here. somethings going to pop between a party. feel what its like to be in someone elses skin. what does it feel like to be a different race? it feels pretty bad doesnt it. so let that come out.
michael:  yeah, i marched on washington back in the day. i went to the washington monument and the lincoln memorial, u.s. mint, congressman talked to our class. it was pretty cool.
michael:  talk like youre talking to that race. i have a feeling that this could get kind of volatile. so keep it going. 
jim:  um, whats going on here
pam:  people treat us like the race on our forehead. and then we guess what race we are
jim:  ah, good. good luck. doing good.
dwight:  oh, man, am i a woman
jim:  yes, yes
dwight:  god
jim:  how embarrassing is it? thats not fair. here
dwight:  its not fair
jim:  try this.
dwight:  thank you. thank you very much
jim:  go get em
dwight:  good.  so, am i a hunter gather culture
pam:  no
dwight:  do i live near a harbor or an ocean
pam:  no
dwight:  no, im an inland. am i a mountainous
pam:  no
dwight:  am i nomadic
pam:  no
dwight:  okay, okay, okay, okay. i think i got this. um, i am treated in a foreign way with a great deal of prejudice. am i one of those tribes in africa? the piggies, or whatever
pam:  no
dwight:  no. but i am, i am human, right? 
dwight:   i could be french.
dwight:   damn it, jim! thats not funny, jim
michael:  oh, okay. here we go, breakthrough radar. what happened? what happened here
pam:  it didnt have anything to do with race
michael:  okay, all right. lets keep on track. keep on point. lets do it.
pam:  one time we had an ethnic festival in scranton. one time.
michael:  try my googi, googi.  try my googi, googi.  try my googi, googi. try my…  all right! all right! yes! that was great, she gets it! kelly thank you.  shes not here, but she gets it. thats what we have been looking for. the whole time.  oh, man. this is what i thrive on. you know? its like don rickles on acid, man. right
jim:  um, why did she slap martin luther king
michael:  what, huh
pam:  what card was she
jim:  i think she wasnt wearing a card
michael:  its good. this is good. we got it happening now. all right? lets keep it rolling. lets round it up.
