michael:  pam. pamela. pam-elama-ding-dong. making copies
pam:  im not making any copies
michael:  lets go. messages. stat. lots to do, lots to do. information superhighway
pam:  nothing new
michael:  lay them on me. what
pam:  theres nothing new
michael:  thats not what you said earlier
pam:  oh, do you want me to repeat the messages that i gave you before for the…
michael:  the most sacred thing i do is care and provide for my workers, my family. i give them money. i give them food. not directly, but through the money. i heal them. today, i am in charge of picking a great new health care plan. right? thats what this is all about. does that make me their doctor? um… yes, in a way. yeah, like a specialist
jan:  so, which health plan have you decided on
michael:  i am going to go with the best, jan. i am going to go with the one with the acupuncture, therapeutic massage, you know, the works
jan:  wait, acupuncture? none of the plans have acupuncture. have you looked at them closely michael
michael:  i think it was you who didnt look closely enough at the gold plan
jan:  the gold plan? im not even on that plan
michael:  well, id recommend it. its very good
jan:  michael
michael:  you gotta crack these things open
jan:  you know the whole reason that were doing this, is to save money. so you just need to pick a provider and choose the cheapest plan
michael:  well, that is kind of a tough assignment. um… it wont be popular decision around the old orifice
jan:  its your job. so
michael:  well, its a suicide mission, you know
jan:  michael… maybe… i mean
michael:  there, there
jan:  sometimes a manager, like yourself, has to deliver the bad news to the employees. i do it all the time
michael:   when have you ever done that
jan:  im doing it right now. to you
jim:  last night on trading spouses, theres… have you seen it
pam:  no. i have a life
jim:  interesting, whats that like
pam:  you should try it sometime
jim:  wow. but then who would watch my tv? that is
pam:  … your problem
michael:  jimbo! ha haaaaa. ah
michael:  theres a decision that needs to be made, and im having an unbelievably a busy day. so im going to let you pick a health care plan for our office and then explain it to your co-workers
jim:  gosh
michael:  yeah
jim:  that is a great offer. thank you. i really think i should be concentrating on sales
michael:  really
jim:  yeah. i just dont think this is the kind of task, that i… am going to do. you know who would be great for this
jim:  any time michael asks me to do anything, i just tell him that dwight should do it
dwight:  yes. i can do it. im your man
jim:  right now, this is just a job. if i advance any higher in this company then this would be my career. and uh, well, if this were my career, id have to throw myself in front of a train
dwight:  ok, first, lets go over some parameters. how many people can i fire
michael:  ah, none. youre picking a health care plan
dwight:  ok, well table that for the time being. two, ill need an office. i think the conference room should be fine
michael:  you can use the conference room as a temporary workspace
dwight:   yes, i have an office.  bigger than his
michael:  nope, you cannot use it
dwight:  ok, i take it back, its a workspace
michael:  temporary workspace. you can use it
dwight:  thank you
michael:  if dwight fails, then that is strike two, and good for me for, ah, for giving him a second chance. and if he succeeds, then, you know, no one will be prouder than i am. i groomed him. i made him what he is today. unless he fails, and weve talked about that already
dwight:  what did i do? i did my job. i slashed benefits to the bone. i saved this company money. was i too harsh? maybe. i dont believe in coddling people
dwight:  in the wild, there is no health care. in the wild, health care is, “ow, i hurt my leg. i cant run. a lion eats me and im dead.” well, im not dead. im the lion. youre dead
stanley:  theres no dental, theres no vision, theres a $1,200 deductible
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam
michael:   pam, michael scott. hows tricks
pam:  where are you
michael:  oh, i am in my office. i am swamped. i have work up to my ears im busy, busy, busy. cant step away. i just wanted to check in and see how everybodys doing. everybody cool out there
pam:  actually, people are really unhappy. um, dwight sent around this memo and people are freaking out cause the…
michael:  pam! whoa, whoa, im sorry, im sorry, i, i, i, i gotta go. im getting a call
pam:  no youre not
michael:  i have to make a call after i finish… my work. you know what? uh, just dont let anybody in my office under any conditions today. im just too busy. too swamped, you know? i am unreachable. i am incommunicado, capisce
pam:  ok
michael:  thank you, oh, gah, here we go again. gotta go, i have to take this
pam:  still no one calling
pam:  dwight, what…
dwight:  uh, knock, please. please knock. this is an office
jim:  it says “workspace”
dwight:  same thing
jim:  if its the same thing, then why did you write “workspace”
dwight:  just knock, please? as a sign of respect for your superior
jim:  you are not my superior
dwight:  oh gee, then why do i have an office
jim:  i thought it was a workspace
pam:  ok. dwight. are you really in charge of picking the health care plan
dwight:  yes. and my decision in final
pam:  this is a ridiculously awful plan. because you cut everything
dwight:  aww, times are tough, pam. deal with it
jim:  you cut more than you had to, didnt you
dwight:  sure
jim:  well, why did you do that? you work here, dont you want good insurance
dwight:  dont need it. never been sick. perfect immune system
jim:  ok, well, if youve never been sick, then you dont have any antibodies
dwight:  i dont need them. superior genes. im a schrute. and superior brain power. through concentration, i can raise and lower my cholesterol at will
pam:  why would you want to raise your cholesterol
dwight:  so i can lower it
oscar:  he literally wont come out of his office
kevin:  hes got to come out sometime. to go to the bathroom
angela:  kevin! thats inappropriate
oscar:  michael, can i talk to you
michael:  ah, uh, i would love to, but i am really busy. rain check
meredith:  michael. michael, please, can we talk to you about this memo
michael:  ah, what? which memo
pam:  dwights health care memo. i told you about it
michael:  is it a good plan
dwight:  its a great plan. it saves the company a fortune
oscar:  its like a pay decrease
pam:  michael, he made huge cuts
michael:  cuts? what? wow, dwight, did you make cuts
dwight:  yeah, you said…
michael:  no, no , no, you know what? i said nothing specific because i was so busy. why dont you go in there and find these people a plan that will work for them? ok
dwight:  i can handle that
michael:  ok? all right. do we feel good? all right. good. plus, theres some other good news. today, at the end of the day, i will have, for all of you, a big surprise. ok? so hang in there, and i will see you at the end of the day. right
oscar:  this is not good
angela:  its ridiculous. did you talk to him
oscar:  what was that
angela:  you let him walk all over you. its just pathetic
kevin:  what are you guys talking about
angela:  nothing, kevin
michael:  do i know what the surprise is? hell no! it doesnt matter. the point is, theyre not unhappy anymore. theyre out there thinking, “wow, my boss really cares about me. he has a surprise. hes cool. i… what a great guy. i love him. i… 
dwight:  ok, everyone. gather round. step forward. it has been brought to my attention that some of you are unhappy with my plan. so what id like you to do is to fill this out and write down any diseases you have that you might want covered and ill see what i can do
jim:  ok, you know what dwight? we cant write our diseases down for you because thats confidential
dwight:  ok, well, i didnt say to write your name down, did i? fill it out, leave it anonymous. or, dont write any disease down at all and it wont be covered. sound fair? good. ill be in my office
jim:  workspace
michael:  you know what? come with me. we are going on a little mission. operation surprise
pam:  where are you going
michael:  um, headed out. part of my busy day, you know. meetings.  couldnt find the knob
michael:  so, basically, i want to do something nice for my employees. atlantic city, ok? they have this thing where they send a bus, right, for free. picks everybody up, you head down there, get to the hotel, room is comped, they give you a pile of chips, and your food, everything just kind of all-inclusive, free kind of weekend
travel agent:  i dont know of anything like that, but, um, you know what you might want to do, is just call those casinos directly. um, maybe
michael:  yeah, yeah, yeah. i did, so
jim:  wait. what are you writing? dont write ebola or mad cow disease. right? ‘cause im suffering from both
pam:  im inventing new diseases
jim:  oh, great
pam:  so, lets say my teeth turn to liquid and then, they drip down the back of my throat. what would you call that
jim:  i thought you said you were inventing diseases? thats spontaneous dental hydroplosion
pam:  nice
jim:  thank you
michael:   calling you to ask you a little favoroonie my friend. um, trying to give the troops around here a little bit of a boost. and i was thinking that maybe we could take them down to take a spin on your big ride
man on phone:  you mean the elevator that takes you down into the mineshaft? its not really a ride
michael:  its says here that its a 300ft drop
man on phone:  it goes 300 feet into the earth, but it moves really slowly
michael:  so its not a free fall
man on phone:  its an industrial coal elevator
michael:  uh, all right. well, once you get down into the mine, what… you got laser tag or something
michael:  ok, so i dont know what the surprise is. am i worried? no. no way. see, i thrive on this. this is my world. this is improv. this is whose line is it anyway
dwight:  damnit! damnit jim!
dwight:  all right, who did this? im not mad. i just want to know who did it so i can punish them.
jim:  what are you talking about
dwight:  uh, someone forged, uh, medical information and that is a felony
jim:  ok, whoa. ‘cause that is a pretty intense accusation. how do you know that theyre fake
dwight:  uh, leprosy? flesh eating bacteria. hot-dog fingers. government-created killer nanorobot infection
dwight:  you did this, didnt you
jim:  absolutely not
dwight:  yes you did
jim:  no i didnt
dwight:  i know it was you. fine. you know what? ill have to interview each and every one of you until the perpetrator makes him or herself known. and until that time, there will be no health care coverage for any one
jim:  killer nanorobots
pam:  its an epidemic
dwight:  the problem, jim, is that people who are really suffering from a medical condition wont receive the care they need, because someone in this office is coming up with all this ridiculous stuff.  “count choculitis
jim:  sounds tough
dwight:  why did you write that down jim? is it because you know i love count chocula
jim:  do you
dwight:  i think you need to confess…
jim:  mmm hmm
dwight:  …the fact
jim:  yep
dwight:  what are you doing? those are my keys
jim:  good luck.
dwight:  jim! damnit! no! jim! let me out! jim! let…
stanley:   …the light green or green
jim:   jim halpert
dwight:  let me out
jim:  who is this
dwight:  let me out or youre fired
jim:  no, you cant fire me
dwight:  yes i can. im manager for the day. clean out your desk
jim:  ok, can you hold on? im getting the, ah, beep. ] jim halpert
pam:   hey, jim. its pam
jim:  hey pam! how are you
dwight:  jim! open the door
pam:  good, how are you? busy
jim:  im doing ok. getting excited for the weekend though. what are you up to
dwight:  jim
pam:  um, im not bothering you, am i
jim:  no, not at all
pam:  you dont have anything youre doing
jim:  i have nothing to do
dwight:  jim
pam:  oh great. um, no, this weekend? nothing. im not really doing anything
dwight:  jim
jim:  oh yeah
pam:  i might go to the mall
jim:  the mall
dwight:  jim
pam:  i need new shoes
jim:  oh, interesting, what kind of shoes
jan:  hello
dwight:  uh, hello. uh, this is dwight schrute calling for jan levenson-gould
jan:  this is jan
dwight:  hi. dwight schrute calling, acting manager, scranton branch. listen, i needed your permission to fire jim halpert
jan:  who is this
dwight:  dwight schrute
jan:  from sales
dwight:  well
jan:  wheres michael scott
dwight:  he is not here right now. he put me in charge of the office
jan:  dwight, listen to me very carefully. you are not a manager of anything. understand
dwight:  thats not entirely true, because he put me in charge of picking the health care plan
jan:  really
dwight:  yeah
jan:  ok, when michael gets back, you tell him to call me immediately
dwight:  call you immediately. good. oh, hey, listen, um, since i have you on the phone, um, can i fire jim
jan:  no. please dont use my cell phone ever again
dwight:  oh, this is your cell, i thought this was your…
michael:  hey, hey, everybody, ice-cream sandwiches! aaaahh!  here you go. take one, take one. its all good. phyllis, think fast. ya-bome! oh, oh, i see angela. angela? right? waaaaah! oh, hey temp. why dont you take two? because you dont get health care. and uh, faster metabolism
ryan:  did you get the kind with the cookies? instead of the
michael:  why dont you just eat it, ok? and here you go, stanley the manly
stanley:  oh, thanks
michael:  there you go
stanley:  this isnt the big surprise, is it? because weve been having a pretty horrible day
michael:  uh, nope. nope. this isnt the surprise. its surprising, um… because you didnt expect it. but you will… youll know it when you see it
dwight:  michael. michael
michael:   oh, christ
dwight:  i tried being rational, ok? and what happened? the employees went crazy, i got no help from corporate. that leaves me with no options
dwight:  im now going to read out loud your submitted medical conditions. when you hear yours read, please raise your hand to indicate that it is real. if you do not raise your hand, it will not be covered
stanley:  what about confidentiality
dwight:  you know what? you have forfeited that privilege. i have tried to treat you all as adults, but obviously i am the only adult here. number one, inverted penis
meredith:  could you mean vagina? because if you do, i want that covered
dwight:  i thought your vagina was removed during your hysterectomy
meredith:  a uterus is different from a vagina. i still have a vagina
dwight:  ok, great. dermatitis. thank you angela. ill make sure thats covered. ok, now. who wrote this, hysterical one? anal fissures
kevin:  thats a real thing
dwight:  yeah, but no one here has it
kevin:  someone has it
kevin:  do you think we should go 
oscar:  i dont know, kevin. this is important. i dont want…  there he is
kevin:  what is he doing
oscar:  i dont know
oscar:  well
michael:  well, what? you could be referring to anything
oscar:  ok, the health care plan
pam:  why did you put dwight in charge of that? he did a horrible job
michael:  uh, dwight? did you raise benefits
dwight:  i most certainly did not
michael:  oh come on! thats horrible! aaah… thanks, dwight, for a crappy plan. ah, damn! oh, mmm, i wish i had time to change it, but jan needs it by five, and… what time is it, what time is it?  ah, its after five. oh, oh its awful. so, well, ok. see you guys on monday
angela:  what about the surprise
michael:  oh… yes. exactly. thank you angela, for reminding me. terrific. um, before i tell everybody what the big surprise is, would you like to tell me what you think the big surprise is
stanley:  we all think you dont have a surprise
michael:  all right, i have some news for you. there is a big surprise. and… here it is. here we go. and the big surprise is… brrrrrrrr! drum roll… brrrrrrrr! brrrrrrrr
michael:  when i am backed into a corner, that is when i come alive. see i learned improve from the greats, like, um, drew carey and ryan stiles
michael:   god, yeah… ah! this
michael:  robin williams. oh, man, would i love to go head-to-head with him. oh! that would be exciting.  “hi. im mork from ork.” well, im bork from spork. nanoo, nanoo. jibelee, baloobaloo
dwight:  oh, um… jan wants you to call her
dwight:   i did not dismiss you
oscar:  well, you have no right to ask those questions
dwight:  you came into my office voluntarily
oscar:  because i dont want my benefits slashed
dwight:  well, maybe they wont get slashed if you answer all my questions
oscar:  im reporting you.
dwight:  you know when ever a worker is promoted above their peers theres always going to be a little bit of jealousy. uh, its natural. and thats going to lead to goofing off and thats okay thats fine. as long as they are willing to suffer the consequences.
oscar:  michael i need to talk to you.
michael:  sorry, too busy cant even come to the door
oscar:   michael
michael:  yeah, no…
oscar:  michael, michael i…  … inside
michael:  you know what. i, um, im out the door. im going to a meeting. pam, im headed out to another meeting. so see you later. uh, here we go.
pam:  we stole dwights trashcan and she found some of his early attempts at his sign
jim:  okay, heres uh, this is very simple. “dwights workspace,” nice
pam:  mmm hmm
jim:  um, this one interesting the power comes from the font in this one. “schrute space,” very medieval, very england. um, this ones forceful, this ones very dwight. “quiet! dwight schrute working,” its good
pam:  mmm hmm
jim:  i really heard him on that. this ones interesting im not really sure what he meant by this. um, “dwight schrute privates.” tough to say
pam:  yeah.
jim:  okay, you know what, dwight. what if you got a really serious disease like ebola
dwight:  psssh, no
jim:  well, it could happen. have you ever seen the movie outbreak
dwight:  yeah. well, have you ever seen the movie unbreakable? ‘cause that guy couldnt get sick, just like me
jim:  okay. have you ever seen the movie sixth sense? maybe you are already dead
dwight:  unlikely.
pam:  you promise these are confidential
dwight:  100%
pam:  did you just mark on that
dwight:  i dont think so, no
pam:  you made a “p.
dwight:  wrong.  thank you jim. kevin. stanley.  pam, jim, kevin, stanley. pam, jim, kevin, stanley. you finished
oscar:  oh, yeah. heres the rest of them
dwight:  that was… unauthorized.
michael: well, it is time to call in a little favor. a buddy of mine runs this tourist attraction, actually its big. its probably one of the most popular in the state. so
man on phone:  hello
michael:   hey, hey craigers, my man! it is michael scott here.  dunder mifflin, we supply your office paper
man on phone:  oh, i think we already did our order this month
michael:  no, no, no, no. no, actually to ask you a little favoroonie my friend. um, heres the deal. um, trying to give the troops here a little bit of a boost. and i was thinking that maybe we could bring them down to go on your big ride
man on phone:  you mean the elevator that takes you down into the mineshaft? its not really a ride
michael:  well, it says here that its a 300ft drop
man on phone:  well, it goes 300 feet into the earth, but it moves really slowly
michael:  so its not a free fall
man on phone:  its an industrial coal elevator
michael:  uh, okay. so um, once you get down into the mine, what do you do? is it like, uh… do you have laser tag down there or something
man on phone:  no, you just look around. its a historically preserved coal mine
michael:  thats it
man on phone:  well, theres the adjacent anthracite heritage museum. they got some really interesting old mining tools. theres also a photo mural exhibit. uh, bat guano sculpture. 
michael:  uh, hes a small client. they dont really buy much.
dwight:  why do you want health care, pam? hmm? why do you want it
pam:  in case i get sick
dwight:  why dont you just go ahead and use roys health care plan, huh
pam:  because were not married
dwight:  but youre engaged. arent you and maybe youve set a date for the wedding, hmm? and because you know youre going to get married you dont have to take our health care plan seriously
pam:  we havent set a date.
dwight:  you really expect me to believe you havent set a date? i think you have. sure pam, sure. but you know what, youve been engaged for three years and i know youve set a date. and you know what else, i know youve got coverage under roy and i know that you wrote down those fake diseases. admit it. admit it, pam
pam:  shut up, dwight
dwight:  you wrote down… i didnt give you permission to.. i didnt
pam:  im not talking to you anymore
jim:  dwight, i uh, i have something to confess
dwight:  youre doing the right thing. go ahead. what ‘s your confession
jim:  um
dwight:  let it out
jim:  youre a jackass
dwight:  okay. you wanna do this the hard way. well do this the hard way. you wrote down those fake diseases didnt you
jim:  no. was that the hard way
dwight:  i know you did
jim:  well, then why are you wasting everybody elses time interrogating them
dwight:  well, because i want to know who wrote those diseases down
jim:  right
dwight:  you want you to take this pen and this piece of paper and write this down. write this down
jim:  okay
dwight:  i, jim halpert
jim:  wait, slow down
dwight:  …confess to health care fraud
jim:  one second cause that sounds really good. is jackass one word or two?  one, right? ‘cause, cause of the show, its one
dwight:  one word.
michael:  ive really learned from the greats. the great improvisers, drew carey, ryan stiles, uh, the brady guy not so much. hes more the signing, wayne brady. um, robin williams. oh, man, would i love to go head-to-head with him. oh! that would be exciting.  “hi. im mork from ork.” well, im bork from spork. nanoo, nanoo. jibelee, baloobaloo.  “thats good morning, vietnam!” well, hello to you. you know it would be… god. and you know what, sometimes when im watching somebody like um, like jay leno. hell be half way through his step  and i will already be laughing at the punch line. he hasnt even gotten to it. he doesnt even know what it is it. so its fun, you know its fun having a mind that works like that. that is just a few steps ahead of… comedically ahead of like whats going on. like ill watch t.v. and ill be watching a show and i will think, oh, i know someones gonna walk in here right now and say something funny. and then they do. or, um, i know theyll be like oh boy that person deserved to be slammed down. theres going to be some sort of insult. and there is. you know, theres like, “oh youre… god your butt is fat.” and i knew it. i know its like i knew they were going to say that. i knew they were gonna go there. dont go there. um, but other… you know its like uh, you know leno, um and letterman, carson, you know. need i say more? no.
dwight:  oh, um… jan wants you to call her
michael:  were all going bowling!
