dwight:  michael!
michael:  oh! god. dwight, come on
dwight:  i wanted to talk to you about the downsizing
michael:  theres no downsizing
dwight:  i, but if there were, id be protected as assistant regional manager
michael:  assistant to the regional manager dwight
dwight:  yeah, so i dont have to worry
michael:  look, look, look. i talked to corporate, about protecting the sales staff. and they said they couldnt guarantee it if theres downsizing, okay
michael:  but theres no downsizing, so just dont
dwight:  bottom line. do i need to be worried
michael:  mmm, mm, mm. maybe
michael:  it looks like theres gonna be downsizing. and its part of my job, but… blah! i hate it. i think the main difference between me and donald trump is that, uh, i get no pleasure out of saying the words, “youre fired.”  “youre foir-ed. uh, youre foir-ed.” it just makes people sad, and an office cant function that way. no way.  “youre foir-ed.”i think if i had a catchphrase it would be, “youre hired, and you can work here as long as you want.” but thats unrealistic, so
dwight:  its a real shame, cause studies have shown that more information gets passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memos. which puts me at a disadvantage, because i bring my own water to work
stanley:  whyd you do this
dwight:  i didnt do it. what do you mean? oh, the water cooler was brought over here for… maintenance. so what do you guys hear? whats the scuttlebutt
michael:  get set for operation morale improvement starring michael scott. now, i think i have had a little stroke of genius in that i have had my assistant pam… smile, pam. i have had her go out and find out whose birthday is coming up, so we can have a little celebration for it. not bad, not bad at all. all right. and the birthday person is… drum roll please. here we go, who is the birthday, birthday person
michael:  who is it? whos the birthday
pam:  um… actually, we dont have any staff birthdays coming up
michael:  next person on the
pam:  oh
michael:  …calendar
pam:  okay, umm… that would be meredith
michael:  yes! all right, come on down meredith
pam:  but its not until next month
michael:  um… uh, ok. well, great, well, you know, itll be a surprise
pam:  you still want to have a party
michael:  yeah, why not? sure. go ahead, live a little. come on, pam. come on, shake it up. shake it up! shake it up
michael:   brrrp! uh, spock, are there any signs of life down there? well, let me check captain. eeee. eeee. eeee. eeee. no, captain. no signs of life down here. just a wet blanket named pam. brr-rrrp. star trek
phyllis:  well, uh, for decorations, maybe we could… its stupid, forget it
angela:  what
phyllis:  i was just going to say, maybe we could have streamers, but thats dumb, everybody has streamers. never mind
angela:  no, yeah, i think thats a good idea
phyllis:  yeah
angela:  what color do you guys think
phyllis:  well, theres green, um, blue… yellow… red…
pam:  how about green
angela:  i think green is kind of whoreish
pam:  this was tough. i suggested we flip a coin. but angela said she doesnt like to gamble. of course by saying that she was gambling that i wouldnt smack her
michael:  these are my party-planning beeyatches. pulled off an amazing 80s party last year. off the hook
michael:  so i was thinking, if you havent already got a cake, um, maybe going for one of those ice-cream cakes from baskin-robbins. those are very good. very delicious
angela:  merediths allergic to dairy, so…
michael:  shes not the only one thats going to be eating it, right? i think everybody likes ice-cream cake. its not, uh, its not just about her, so
pam:  it is… her birthday
michael:  mint chocolate chip! thatd be good, how about some, mint chocolate chip
dwight:  hey, so listen, i was thinking that it might be a good idea if you and i formed an alliance. ‘cause of the downsizing? i think an alliance might be a good idea, you know. help each other out
dwight:  do you want to form, an alliance, with me
jim:  absolutely, i do
dwight:  good, good. excellent, ok. now we need to figure out whos vulnerable and whos protected
jim:  at that moment, i was so happy. i mean, everything dwight does annoys me
dwight:  did you get your tickets
jim:  to what
dwight:  the gun show.
jim:  and i spend hours thinking of ways to get back at him, but only in ways that could get me arrested. and then here he comes and he says “no, jim, heres a way.
dwight:  theres one other thing and this is important. lets keep this alliance totally a secret. dont tell anyone
pam:  an alliance
jim:  oh yeah
pam:  what does that even mean
jim:  i think it has something to do with survivor, but im not sure
jim:  um, i know that it involves spying on people and we may build a fort, underground
dwight:  jim! hey. hi, pam. listen, could i talk to you a second about the… paper products
dwight:  did you tell pam about the alliance
jim:  what? no
dwight:  just now
jim:  what? oh no no no. dwight, no. im using her, for the alliance. who knows the most information about this office? pam
dwight:  right, thats good, good, pursue this
jim:  well im trying to. do you see what im doing
dwight:  mmm hmm
jim:  but listen, im going to have to talk to her a lot. all right? and there may be chatting, and giggling. and you gotta just pretend to ignore it. wipe it away
dwight:  done
jim:  all right
michael:   can you get her? shes right there.  that is meredith, the birthday girl. and this… is merediths card. happy bird-day.  um, lets see. jim, jim wrote, “meredith, i heard youre turning 46, but, come on, youre an accountant. just fudge the numbers.” not bad, pretty funny, i dont appreciate condoning corporate fraud though. uh, heres the thing. whatever i write here has to be really, really funny. because people out there are expecting it. ive already set the bar really high. and theyre all worried about their jobs, you know. its kinda dark out there. can you imagine if i wrote something like, uh, “oh, meredith. happy birthday. youre great. love, michael.”
dwight:  they seem awfully chummy, dont you think
jim:  yeah, what do you think thats about
dwight:  only one way to find out
jim:  im on it
jim:  you are not going to believe this
dwight:  what? i believe it
jim:  well, tensions were high in the kitchen
dwight:  i could tell, from the body language
jim:  hey kev, that looks good. what is it? turkey
kevin:  italian
jim:  oh, italian. nice. wow! you got the works there. red onion, provolone
kevin:  yeah
jim:  toby and kevin, theyre trying to get angela kicked off
dwight:  good, let em. it helps our cause
jim:  well, i dont know, if kevins in accounting, and tobys in human resources and theyre talking
dwight:  oh, theyre forming an allianc
toby:  i love their sandwiches
jim:  i love their sandwiches too
kevin:  their breads really good
jim:  their bread is very good
dwight:  damn it. god
jim:  ok, listen, we need to assume that everyone in the office is forming an alliance and is therefore trying to get us kicked off
dwight:  god… damn it! why us
jim:  because were strong, dwight. because were strong
michael:   meredith, meredith… meri… mary had a little lamb. mary… meredith had a little lamb. dont bring that lamb to work or itll poop on the floor
michael:  hey, oscar! come on in. whats up
oscar:  uh, im sorry to bother you
michael:  oh, not at all. come on in. whats going on
oscar:  my nephew is involved with, um, a charity for cerebral palsy, and i was wondering if maybe youd like to… you know… if
michael:  what
oscar:  donate to the charity
michael:  oh, god. of course i would. get it over here. get that over here
oscar:  thank you
michael:  no, im always good… for some serious buckage. wow. two dollars, three dollars? people out here do not care about diseases. i am going to give you… $25
oscar:  thats… thats… thats very generous
michael:  oh, my gosh, well… listen, oscar, generosity and togetherness and community all convalescences into… morale. thats what i say, so
pam:   hey, jim, can i talk to you for a second
jim:  sure, whats up
pam:  um, i dont know, im just like, im going a little crazy cause i keep overhearing all these conversations between michael and corporate about like, staff issues
jim:  oh no
pam:  yeah, hes making me take notes on these meetings and im, like, “these people are my friends.” but hes all like, “this is confidential. you cant tell anybody.” but i just feel like i want to… aaah. just promise me youre not gonna say anything
jim:  no, will not, im not going to tell anybody. this is between you and me
pam:  ok, yeah
dwight:  jackpot
jim:  that was beautiful. all her idea too. awesome. she is so great
michael:   meredith, bad breath. meredith has bad breath
dwight:  hey, you wanted to see me
michael:  yeah. what do you know about meredith
dwight:  i dont think shed be missed
michael:  theres not going to be downsizing dwight, ok? i just, i need to know a little bit more about my friend
dwight:  name, meredith palmer. uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. uh, employer, dunder mifflin paper incorporated. awards, multiple dundies
michael:  i know all that. i know all that. i just, i need something kind of embarrassing, you know. kind of fun, inside
dwight:  she had a hysterectomy
michael:   which one is that again
dwight:  thats where they remove the uterus
michael:  oh god! dwight, no. im trying to write something funny. what am i going to do with a removed uterus
dwight:  it could be kind of funny
michael:  you know what, i am on a deadline here, and just… ok. thanks, thanks for your help. ill work it out. thank you dwight. that was a waste of time
jim:  ok, heres the deal. all right? pam says that one of the alliances is meeting in the warehouse during merediths birthday
dwight:  oh my god, we have to be there
jim:  i know, but its gonna be a little tough because theres no good place to hide there
dwight:  no no, yes there is. behind the shelves. oh my god
jim:  what? what
dwight:  i know. i know exactly what to do
jim:   great
dwight:  im a deer hunter. i go all the time with my dad. one thing about deer, they have very good vision. one thing about me, i am better at hiding than they are… at vision
dwight:  this is going to be perfect, ok? centrally located. perfect cover. i can hear and see everything
jim:  good
ryan:  michael? are you done yet
michael:  almost there. just a sec. just a second. it is perfect, thank you. excellent, here we go. it is time, thank you. ok, come on. lets go! get the cake. here we go. come on! shhh. be quiet
jim:  wait, this isnt gonna work. the lids open
dwight:  so tape it down
jim:  i cant do that. you wont be able to breathe
dwight:  look, i can breathe just fine. ok, but if it makes you feel better, ill poke holes in the box
jim:  thank you, thank you. ok
everybody:  surprise
meredith:  oh! surprise
angela:  no, its ah
michael:  its surprise meredith. one, two
everybody:   happy birthday to you
michael:  find a key
everybody:  happy birthday
jim:  so do you want me to stay here and, you know, stand next to the box
dwight:  no, you need to go upstairs to the party so people dont notice were both gone
jim:  right… thats good
dwight:  can i trust jim? i dont know. do i have a choice? no, frankly, i dont. will i trust jim? yes. should i trust jim? you tell me
everybody:   … birthday, dear meredith happy birthday to you
michael:  and many more
stanley:  last year, five years ago
michael:  you were surprised, werent you
meredith:  yes
michael:  you looked freaked, man. we said “surprise.” you were, like, “what?” “what the hells goin on here?” good cake. why dont you have some
meredith:  uh, i cant. um
michael:  come on. a little bit
meredith:  i cant eat dairy
michael:  oh, right. god, too bad. its so good
meredith:  yeah, it makes me sick
michael:  you know what? if i were allergic to dairy, i think id kill myself. ‘cause this is way, way too good
pam:  hes in a box
jim:  pam, hes in a box. hes downstairs, in a box, on the floor, near the shelves. im serious. go down there and work your magic
pam:   hey where are you? yeah, we were supposed to meet here. what? oh my gosh! that ties in perfectly with something that michael was telling me earlier! i just dont know what some of the people in, like, accounting are going to do? it said specifically that
dwight:   oh
michael:  jim, good party, huh? just a little something i whipped up. you know, a little morale boost. no big deal
jim:  speaking of which, i meant to tell you. very impressive, the uh, donation you gave to oscars charity. what was it? 25 bucks
michael:  well, you know, money isnt everything jim. its not the key to happiness. you know what is? joy. you should remember that. maybe youll give more than three dollars next time
jim:  yeah, well, three dollars a mile. its gonna end up being like 50 bucks. so… god, i cant even calculate what youre gonna have to give
michael:  is oscar around
michael:  i just thought it was kind of a flat, you know… 25 dollar, one-time donation. i didnt think it was per mile kinda deal. you know, so
oscar:  well, thats what a walk-a-thon is
michael:  i know
oscar:  it says it right on the sheet. look, look at the sheet. it says, “however many dollars per mile.
michael:  right. got it. yes. so it does. um
oscar:  i just think its kind of cheap to un-donate money to a charity
michael:  no, no, no, no, no. that wasnt what i wasnt, that wasnt… no. it-it-its not about the money. its just… it… its the ethics of the thing, oscar. hows your nephew? is he in good shape
oscar:  yeah
michael:  how many miles did he do last year
oscar:  last year, he walked 18 miles
michael:  son of a bitch. that is impressive
pam:  happy birthday.
michael:  read it out loud. and say who wrote everything so we know whose is the best
meredith:  “happy bird-day” um… “meredith, good news. youre not actually a year older because you work here, where time stands still.
michael:   i dont know about that
meredith:  that was stanley. “meredith, happy birthday, youre the best. love, pam.
michael:   huh! thanks, downer
meredith:  this is from michael. “meredith, lets hope the only downsizing that happens to you is that someone downsizes your age.
michael:  because of the downsizing. rumors. and because youre gettin old
meredith:  no, i… i get it. its funny
michael:   you didnt get the joke. so, thats cool. thats, you know what? actually… i have a bunch of these, good ones, that i didnt use. um… oh, wheres that? oh, ok, heres a good one. um… “hey meredith, liz taylor called, she wants her age back and her divorces back.” ‘cause merediths been divorced like, twice. is that right
meredith:  youre right. youre right. yes
michael:  divorce. um… ok, “meredith is so old…
oscar:  how old is she
michael:  everybody? if… could do it? “meredith is so old…
everybody:  how old is she
michael:  “shes so old, she went into an antique store and they kept her.
michael:  that wasnt even mine. i got that off the internet. website. um, dont get mad at me
oscar:  uh, nice party michael
michael:  this isnt my fault. ladies, not your best effort. the streamers?i think we could have done better than that
angela:  phyllis wanted red, i didnt
phyllis:  oh, boy… you
michael:  ok, we… all right. people, hold on, hold on. just a second. ok, i think were losing sight of what is really important here. and that is that we are… a group of people… who work together. i was… i really wasnt gonna flaunt this. i have made a very sizable donation to oscars nephews… walkathon. $25
oscar:  per mile
michael:  per mile, yes
michael:  when i retire, i… dont want to just disappear to an island somewhere. i wanna be the guy who gives everything back
michael:  a check for the kids, and for the team
michael:  i want it to be like… “hey, who donated that hospital wing that is saving so many lives?” “um, well, i dont, i dont know. it was anonymous.” “well, guess what,  that was michael scott.”“but it was anonymous, how do you know?” “because im him.
oscar:  thank you, michael
michael:  come here.  dont cash that till friday, ok
toby:  really? today
ryan:  yeah
toby:  oh, happy birthday
ryan:  thanks
toby:  yeah, i could say something
ryan:  no, dont. dont do that
jim:  ok, ok. i have something that totally tops the box
pam:  oh, tell me, tell me
jim:  ok. i have just convinced dwight that he needs to go to stamford and… … spy on our other branch. no no no
jim:  but before he does so, i told him that he should dye his hair to go undercover
pam:   thats perfect
jim:  if we can get him to drive to connecticut… and put peroxide in his hair
roy:   what the hell is this? what are you trying to cop a feel or something? huh halpert
jim:  no, no, dude, no
pam:  hey, hey
jim:  no, dude, no, i was just, listen! whoa
pam:  come on
jim:  god, i dont even, i dont even know how to explain this. uh, um… dwight, uh, asked me to be in an alliance. and then um… um… we were… weve just been messing with him. uh, because of the whole alliance thing. um
pam:  its just office pranks
jim:  its stupid. its, its just office pranks
roy:   an alliance? what the hell is he talking about
dwight:  i have absolutely no idea
roy:  come on
dwight:  do i feel bad about betraying jim? not at all. thats the game. convince him were in an alliance, get some information, throw him to the wolves
dwight:   thats politics baby. get what you can out of someone, then crush them. i think jim might have learned a very valuable lesson
dwight:  good, excellent, and file sharing off and done. security software, 128-bit encryption, firewalls. get up, ill install it on your computer
jim:  no thanks
dwight:  pssh, stupid. identity theft happens all the time. i can become you like that.  but no one can become me
jim:  no one wants to be you, dwight
dwight:  not true. and if they did, they couldnt because im password protected
jim:  is your password frodo
dwight:  no.
jim:  did you just change it to gollum
dwight:  no. 
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. hold please
michael:  all righty then, well i see youre going for the whole bored supermodel thing. “dunder mifflin, this is pam. may i help you?”  smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke
pam:  i wasnt really going for anything
michael:  no, no. i get it, i get it, i get it. a child is born, “oh, oh-hum.” a beautiful sunset, “no, ill catch the next one.” right? unicorn walks into the office, “oh, do you have an appointment?”  okay, look pam this is not meant as a criticism, but let me tell you what youre doing wrong. you are the voice of this company, right? and when clients call and youre not smiling they can hear that in your voice. it is a real turnoff
pam:  are you being serious
michael:  yes, i am, absolutely. so, the next call we get id like you to smile. id like to see a big smile
pam:  okay
michael:  okay.
pam:  no ones calling
michael:  i know, somebody will. and well wait
pam:  sometimes theres a lot of time between the calls
michael:  i know, i know, we will wait
pam:  okay
michael:  we will wait for the call and you will smile.let me try something, just while were waiting
pam:  okay
michael:  tell me if im smiling or not.  hi pam, how are you? was i smiling
pam:  yes
michael:  okay, let me try this one.  hi pam, how are you
pam:  no
michael:  i mean you can tell
pam:  yeah, i could tell
michael:  i wasnt smiling that time and they can tell too
pam:  that was a good example
michael:  thank you. all right, when we get a call ill come back and youll do the smile
pam:  okay.
michael:  show time! its show time
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. one moment ill transfer you
michael:  okay.
dwight:   god.  mmm
jim:   hey dwight, my tuna sandwich isnt in the refrigerator. you wouldnt know anything about that would you
dwight:  it was rotting
jim:  it was not rotting
dwight:  any employee may dispose a food item
jim:  stop. dwight, stop
dwight:  …that risks contaminating the other food item. read the official kitchen regulations memo
jim:  dwight, you wrote that memo. okay, its not an official memo
dwight:  uh, uh, not my problem. okay, this is a paper factory not a bacteria factory
jim:  dwight, its not a factory at all. do you have to do what you are doing?
dwight:  uh, if they dont bobble, whats the point?
angela:  what is this
oscar:  my nephew does it every year. anything you could give would be fantastic
angela:  okay, but i dont want to be put on a mailing list.
jim:  we need to assume that everyone in the office is forming an alliance and is therefore trying to get us kicked off
dwight:  god… damn it! why us
jim:  because were strong, dwight. because were strong. god, its freezing, i gotta go in. you stay though for like five minutes
dwight:   okay
jim:  you dont want to arouse suspicion
dwight:  ill stay for ten
jim:  good. i like it. you know what. pretend to smoke. 
michael:  do a poem for merediths birthday or uh, limerick. limerick. um,  there was a girl from dunder mifflin. come on in. who had a big, smifflin
toby:  hi, do you mind if i sign the card real quick
michael:  no, not at all come on in.  no, no. you cant. no, red hair is my area. we have it on tape, so
toby:  its just a birthday card
michael:  i was going to put that in my message, toby. all right? so just cross it off. cross it off, now.  what are you doing? oh come on, youre ruining it. toby, come on.just, look at that. thats wrecked. ass. get some white out.
toby:  theres some right there
michael:  thats my white out. get your own white out. just… whats the matter with you? god.  okay, um, there was a girl from dunder mifflin. who had a big, puttifflin.  mifflin, spifflin.
jim:  uh, by the way. have you heard dwight say the word immunity, yet? because if i can get dwight to say the word immunity, it might be the greatest day of my life.
dwight:  hey
michael:  hey
dwight:  you wanted to see me
michael:  uh, yeah. what do you know about meredith
dwight:  i dont think shed be missed
michael:  theres not going to be downsizing dwight, ok? i just, i need to know a little bit more about my friend
dwight:  name, meredith palmer. uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. uh, employer, dunder mifflin paper incorporated. awards, multiple dundies
michael:  i know all that. i know all that. i just, i need something kind of embarrassing, you know. kind of fun, inside
dwight:  she had a hysterectomy
michael:  which one is that again
dwight:  thats where they remove the uterus
michael:  oh god! dwight, no. im trying to write something funny here, okay. what am i going to do with a removed uterus
dwight:  it could be kind of funny
michael:   come up with a joke that i can use, okay
dwight:  mmm-hmm
michael:  help me out here
dwight:  okay. hey meredith, wheres your uterus
michael:  no, not a uterus joke dwight. please. something useable. a joke
dwight:  if i find a joke for you, will you grant me immunity?
michael:  what
dwight:  from the downsizing
michael:  theres not going to be downsizing, dwight. you know what, i am on a deadline here and just, okay. thanks. thanks for your help. im… ill work it out. thank you dwight.  thanks for coming in, thats always… always helpful when i give him a call. call him in.
michael:  meredith. oh, oh man, ah gosh. i cant remember why i came over here. ha, ha
meredith:  i hate that
michael:  i know. ugh, that is so annoying.  brain fart. by the way, do you remember any funny interactions we may have had recently that ive forgotten about? just, you know webumped into each and you said, “brr, brr.” and i went, “argh, argh.” you know? anything?  well, if you think of something, let me know. ‘cause i like to know. ‘cause im going crazy.
michael:  oscar, uh for future reference just think you should know, that you should probably make it clear that your nephew is doing the walkathon and that he doesnt actually have cerebral palsy. okay
oscar:  i never suggested
michael:  no, no. i know you didnt intend to, but i just i got the idea and i, uh, i just dont it has a lot of ethical merit to make people think something. you know? and then prey on their emotions
oscar:  michael, if i gave you
michael:  no, heyits just kinda uncool, okay? i, just… play fair, you know, play fair.
oscar:  thank you.
michael:  thank you
oscar:  okay.
meredith:  “meredith, lets hope the only downsizing that happens to you is that someone downsizes your age.
michael:  because of the downsizing. rumors. and because youre gettin old
meredith:  no, i…i get it. its funny
michael:   you didnt get the joke. so, thats cool. thats, you know what? actually… i have a bunch of these, good ones, that i didnt use. um… oh, wheres that? oh, okay, heres a good one. um…”hey meredith, liz taylor called, she wants her age back and her divorces back.” ‘cause merediths been divorced like, twice. is that right
meredith:  youre right. youre right. yes
michael:  divorce. um… okay, “meredith is so old…
oscar:  how old is she
michael:  if everybody… could do it? “meredith is so old…
everybody:  how old is she
michael:  “shes so old, she went into an antique store and they kept her.
michael:   whats the difference between meredith and michael jackson? michael jacksons surgery was unnecessary
meredith:  youre talking about my hysterectomy
michael:  yes! thank you. god. she gets it.  we just picked the best one right? just had it
pam:   im so sorry.  … seriously, were just
michael:  um, no, no. come on. no. dont comfort… dont comfort her, thats not… she doesnt need comforting. were just joking around. i think shes… no thats very unprofessional. i think shes being very unprofessional over there.
dwight:  im only going to ask you this once. are you part of an alliance
ryan:  what
dwight:  well played.
