michael:  : hey, you ready
michael:  all right, all right, secret sign. hey, ryan.  very good. excellent, excellent.
dwight:  michael
michael:  today at lunchtime were going to be playing the warehouse staff at a friendly little game of basketball. my idea.last time i was down there, i noticed theyd put up a couple of hoops, and i play basketball every weekend. so i thought, “this might be kinda fun.”and so i started messing around and… im sinking a few, you know. swish, swish, swish. nothing but net. and their jaws just dropped to the floor. african-americans! so… you know, its really just a good friendly game, a reason to get together
michael:  pam, pam, thank you maam. messages, please. thank you
dwight:  michael, can i talk to you, please? privately? in your office? i think i should be on the team
michael:  no. and thats not me being mean, dwight. that is based on your past behavior
dwight:  oh, please
michael:   when i let him come to my pick-up game
dwight:  i apologized for that
michael:   i vouched for you
dwight:  michael, i
michael:  i vouched for you in front of todd packer, dwight.all right, heres what im going to do. the hand strikes and gives a flower. you are not going to play basketball. but i need somebody to come in and take over the holiday and weekend work calendar
dwight:  i can handle that
michael:  good. excellent, itll be fun. because corporate, uh, wants someone to be here on saturday. and so were going to have to have some people come in on the weekend, and i know nobodys gonna want to do it and i know everybodys gonna complain and bitch and i dont want to have to deal with that
dwight:  and thats why you have an assistant regional manager
michael:  yes it is. assistant tothe regional manager
dwight:   same thing
michael:  no, its not. its lower, so…
dwight:  its close
dwight:  so we need someone to work this saturday and i think that, that should be…jim
jim:  god, this is so sad. this is the smallest amount of power ive ever seen go to someones head. phyllis, can you believe this
phyllis:  keep me out of it
pam:  my fiance has plans for us this saturday.so i really hope that dwight doesnt make me work. maybe i should sleep with him? im kidding, kidding. totally kidding
michael:  all right, managing by walking around. this is our warehouse. or, as i like to call it, the whorehouse. but dont you call it that, ive earned the right
ryan:  fine, dont worry about that
michael:  and here we have “mister rogers neighborhood.” come on over here. hey, this is ryan. hes temping upstairs
lonny:  whats up
michael:  and this is the foreman. mista ra-jahs
darryl:  its not my real name
michael:  no, its darryl. darryl is mista ra-jahs
ryan:  darryl rogers
darryl:  darryl philbin. then regis, then rege, then roger, then mister rogers
michael:   and that is lonny. and this is roy. roy dates pam. you know, the uh, the best looking one upstairs
ryan:  yeah, yeah
michael:  you still getting it regular man? huh? i mean, i can tell her its part of the job!rapport
pam:   no, no, i know that the warrantys expired, but isnt it supposed to last longer than two years if it isnt defective? ok, fine, three years.
jim:  pam gets a little down.her toaster oven broke. um, which she got at her engagement shower. um, for a wedding that still has yet to be set… and that was three years ago
michael:  so, um, one oclock sharp and weve got a game on
darryl:  were loading at one
michael:  oh, i see, youre chickening out on me. youre bailing on me
darryl:  no, we got a truck going out at 1:15. so, thats the busy time
michael:  oh, well, im glad that some time is a busy time because whenever im down here it doesnt seem too busy to me. oh, oh. you can dish it out, but you cant take it. ok, fine, have it your way.
darryl:  all right, fine, you know what? one oclock
michael:  all right, see you at one
michael:  are we ready for the game
everybody:   yeah
michael:  i… yeah, yeah. i know, grumble, grumble. but you would follow me to the ends of the earth, grumbling all the way. like that, uh, dwarf from lord of the rings
dwight:  gimli
michael:  nerd. that is why youre not on the team
dwight:  just trying to be helpful
michael:  uh,  “ill help, elwyn dragonslayer, uh, ten points, power sword.
jim:  thats him
michael:  ok, so, lets put together a starting line-up, shall we? stanley of course
stanley:  im sorry
michael:  um, what do you play? center
stanley:  why “of course”
michael:  uh
stanley:  whats that supposed to mean
michael:  uh, i dont know. i dont remember saying that
jim:  uh, i heard it
michael:  well, people hear a lot of things, man. um… other starters… me, of course. i heard it that time
phyllis:  id like to play if its just for fun. i played basketball in school
michael:   um… yeah. who else? we have jim. we have ryan, the new guy, right? untested. willing to prove himself now. a lot of passion, a lot of heart
ryan:  but, im getting paid to skip lunch
michael:  yes
ryan:  ok
michael:  yes, this is business. the, uh, business of team building and morale boosting. uh, who else
oscar:  i can help out, if you need me
michael:  i will use your talents come baseball season, my friend. or if we box
kevin:  i have a hoop in my driveway
michael:  no
phyllis:  i have a sports bra
michael:  no, no, ridiculous
dwight:  michael, look.  missed it
michael:  close. all right, uh… me, stan the man, jim, ryan and dwight
dwight:  yes
michael:  sorry phyllis
dwight:  can i be team captain
michael:  no, im team captain
dwight:  can i be team manager
michael:  no, i am the team manager. you can be assistant to the team manager
dwight:  assistant team manager
michael:  no
dwight:  ok, well see whos working this weekend then
michael:  jim, youre in charge of the vacation schedule now
jim:  oh my god
michael:  threat neutralized
michael:   off the backboard
pam:  please dont throw garbage at me
michael:  oh, pam with a zinger. hey, pam, how would you, like to be our cheerleader today? you know, some, ah, pigtails? a little, ah, halter top, you could tie that up. and you know, something a little, just, youthful, for a change. just this once
pam:  i dont think so michael. besides, i cant cheer against my fiance
jim:  ill do it. wear a little flouncey skirt if you want, and
michael:  yeah, i bet you would. just try not to be too gay on the court. and by gay i mean, um, you know, not in a homosexual way at all. i mean the uh, you know, like the bad-at-sports way. i think that goes without saying
pam:  maybe angela would cheerlead
michael:  oh, yeah right
phyllis:  ill do it
michael:  oh, yuck, thats worse than you playing. … ‘cause we need you as an alternate in case somebody gets hurt. thats where we need you. blessed be those who sit and wait. you made it, suit up, youre on the team! all right, cool! very good
michael:  oh-oh. oh-oh. a spy from the warehouse. trying to figure out our plays, huh, man
darryl:  just getting a tea bag
michael:  oh ho, oh, hes running. hes running. hes running, but he cant hide because you know what? one oclock, you better bring your ‘a game. because me, and my, posse guys are gonna be in your face. right in your face
darryl:  why dont we make it more interesting? loser buys dinner at farleys
michael:  whoa-ho. i like the way you think. you know what, im gonna take that one step further. loser, works, on saturday
darryl:  no, thats not as much fun. you know what
michael:  what
darryl:  youre on
michael:  ok. cool, youre on.  dont screw this up
michael:   classic beginners mistake, eating before a game
angela:  has anyone seen the first-aid kit?  how many times have i told you? im the safety officer, not you
jim:  basketball? it was kind of my thing in high school. and im, yeah, im looking forward to playing. you know, i think im gonna impress a few people in here
jim:  you coming down
pam:  yeah, im just forwarding the phones
jim:  you gonna wish me luck
pam:  yeah, youre gonna need it
jim:  whoa
jim:  is that trash talk from pam
pam:   im just saying, roy is very competitive
jim:  oh
pam:  and he wants to take the waverunners to the lake this saturday so…
jim:  well, im going to the outlet mall on saturday, so if you wanna save big on brand names and roy has to work, which he will, because im also competitive, you should feel free to come along
pam:  um, i think im gonna be up at the lake
jim:  i think ill see you at the mall. yeah
michael:  hey, there he is! secret weapon! all right, guys, come on, lets bring it in! here we go!ok, listen, this is just going to be a friendly game, right? we are all on the same team here, the dunder mifflin team. of course, if you beat us, youre fired. thats a joke.ok, lets do it
jim:  have a good game man
roy:  yeah, you too. should be fun
michael:  all right, everybody stretch out a little bit. stretch it. full stretch. ryan, you wanna stretch
ryan:  i stretched before i came
michael:  ok
michael:  ok, ryan, you have darryl. i have roy
jim:  really? i thought id take roy
michael:  actually, i think roy is their best player not lonny. so, dwight, you uh, have the east german gal. uh, who else we got… um…ok, all right, you guys
dwight:   ok, well be skins
michael:  aw, come on dwight
dwight:  what? shirts on or off
michael:  on. just put it on
dwight:  you sure
michael:  yes. uh, pam? you kind of have your foot in both camps, why dont you do the uh, jump ball ok
roy:  dont listen to him pam. trust me, tip it my way or youre sleeping in the car
michael:  stanley!what? you gotta be kidding me! !?!  oh… here we go!  whos on him? somebody get him
teammates:  yeah
roy:  thats what im talking about
michael:  yeah, yeah, yeah. over here, over here.  here we go. three!  lets go to the zone! were going to zone
dwight:  de-fense!   de-fense!
michael:  whos got roy?
pam:  woo
michael:   aw, come on! what is wrong with me today!? usually hit those.  dwight, i was open. all right, lets go
michael:   ok, foul. charging. charging. thats a foul
roy:  ok
michael:  ok, ill take it.  ok
michael:  when i am playing hoops all of the stress and responsibility of my job here just melts away. its gone, im in the zone
michael:   what is wrong with me today?
michael:  who am i? am i michael scott? i dont know… i might just be a basketball machine. whats dunder mifflin? ive never heard of it. filing? paperwork? who cares? possible downsizing? um… well, thats probably gonna happen, actually
michael:  jim! jim! jim, right here, jim! give me the ball! ryan, cut!  whoa
jim:  my bad
darryl:   here we go. here we go. here we go
lonny:   where you at? where you at? you over there? im over there
michael:  that is cool. is that like the robot
michael:   nice! come here!
ryan:  can we just do one? thats cool, thats fine
darryl:  you have one more free throw shoot. come on
roy:  all right, lets go
madge:  hey! come on man
michael:  come on! hey, dwight. dwight
dwight:   yeah!  in your face
madge:  yeah, like that counts
michael:  you know what? dwight, dwight
michael:  football is like rock and roll, its just bam-bam-boo… and basketball is like jazz, you know? youre kind of… dupee-doo, dupee-do. its all downbeat, its in the pocket, its like…  dupee-do, dupee-do, dapee-dah
michael:   du-du-du-du-dupee-do, de-do-do-do. du-du-du-du-dupee-do, de-do-do-do. harlem globetrotter
roy:   du-du-du-du-dupee-do. your ball
michael:  all right, time, time out. come on, sales, over here. bring it in! come on
michael:  whats going on? whats going on? youre playing like a bunch of girls
jim:  you know what? let me take roy
michael:  all right, switch. take it up a notch, come on
michael:  shoot, shoot it. whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! foul! naked aggression!oh, that is… you all right jim? suck it up
darryl:  block, block, block
madge:  hes afraid of you now
michael:   ouch! oh, how much does it hurt? how much does it hurt
michael:   yes
roy:  what the hell man
jim:  take it easy
roy:  no, you take it easy
michael:   watch the long passes, you guys
ryan:   same team, dwight
michael:  dwight
dwight:   yes
michael:   yeah! yeah! yeah! in, your, face! angela, whats the score
angela:  youre ahead
michael:  yeah, baby, here we go
michael:   jim! jim! right here!  ow! god! hold it
worker:  im sorry
michael:  foul! foul
worker:  im sorry. you all right
michael:  oh, that hurts
worker:  sorry, i didnt mean to do that
michael:  whats your problem man? gah, just clocking me for no reason
darryl:  take your shot man
michael:  no, no, no, no. that was a flagrant, personal, intentional foul. right there
worker:  no it wasnt
michael:   yes, it was. you know what, im just being fair
worker:  oh, really? no, i just put my arm up
michael:  game over. game over. that is it! im sorry, you know? i hate to do it this way but, you know, thats just… were having a friendly game. its a shame. this is a damn shame, but were like a family here and that just, that wont fly
angela:  this is a cold pack
dwight:  here, give me that. you have to break the interior bag.
michael:  thanks dwight
lonny:  wait, what does that mean? what is it, a tie? whats going on
michael:  well, lets just say whoever was ahead won
darryl:  that was you
michael:  it was us? really? i didnt, i didnt know. great, i mean, i guess you guys are working saturday. your face
roy:  no, no, no, im not coming in on saturday
darryl:  yeah, this isnt happening
michael:  um… well, you guys, you know, im the boss so
lonny:  so whats that? were coming in on monday, right
michael:  hey, hey
lonny:  monday
michael:   you guys believed me? come on. dogs, you know, you should know me better than that. no, oh, do you think that wouldve been good for morale? no. no. no. exactly, no. im embarrassed it was even that close though. so… nah, of course, were coming in saturday. good game. word
jim:   …so i talked to the scout, it looks good
pam:  mmm-hmm
jim:  i didnt sign anything
roy:  hey baby
pam:  hey
roy:   look at larry bird. larry legend
pam:  yeah, hes, uh, pretty good, huh?  lets get you into a tub
roy:  yeah? lets get you into a tub
michael:  hey, what a game, huh? what a game
oscar:  what time do we have to come in
michael:  come on. lets not be gloomy here man. were all in this together. were a team. you know what? screw corporate, nobodys coming in tomorrow. you have the day off. like coming in an extra day is gonna prevent us from being downsized. have a good weekend
michael:  the great thing about sports is that it is all about character. and you can learn lessons about life even if you dont win. but we did because we were ahead
michael:   pam, pam, thank you maam. messages, please. thank you
pam:  new pants
michael:  uh, yes. thank you for noticing
pam:  abercrombie &amp; fitch
michael:  uh, they look that good? wow.  oh, pam please behave. mike myers, genius. um, no actually i got them at a fancier place. target
dwight:  michael, could i talk to you for a second, please
michael:  uh
dwight:  in your office?  you know that is why you have an assistant regional manager
michael:  yes, yes. assistant tothe regional manager
dwight:   same thing
michael:  no, its not. its lower
dwight:  its close
michael:  what was that
dwight:  what
michael:  that look
dwight:  what look
michael:  like trying to find the camera, to give the camera a look. okay, were done. is that your stomach? i keep hearing somebodys stomach.  god.
michael:  so, you uh, see the sixers game last night
darryl:  yeah
michael:   oww whoo whoo! the answer was on fire
darryl:  iverson. yeah, always man. its very important
michael:  oh, man! man i tell ya. iverson has maybe got me beat by like 20 pounds, 3 inches.
roy:  what? iversons not fat
michael:  no, neither am i. we both look good.
michael:  do i have a nickname on the court, um? well, the answer would be nice, but its taken. so, uh, probably the question. the answer dishes to the question. the question back to the answer. answer over to the question. the answer, whew,  three points. the question, whew, whew,  six points. nothing but net. question, whos the best player in the league? answer, the question. or the drunkmeister.
kevin:  i cant work saturday
dwight:  please, have a seat.  okay, why not
kevin:  im in a band
dwight:  marching or garage
kevin:  its a steve miller tribute band
dwight:  i tell you what. you give me a tape of your band and a tape of the steve miller band and ill get back to you. that is all.
todd packer:   mello
michael:  packer. pac-man
packer:  whoa. hey
michael:  pac-man
todd packer:   is this michael scott? my secret lover. my intercom, i told you never to call me here. never!
michael:  im not your lover! im am not michael scott, i am dr. bergerstein. your proctologist
todd packer:   bergerstein
michael:  ah, yes. ah.
todd packer:   bergerstein
michael:  its not a jewish joke, so dont worry
todd packer:   i want my money back you greedy hebrew. bergerstein
michael:   no, hey, hey , hey. you know what i just wanted to remind you about the game today. one ‘o clock. big game, big game
todd packer:   i cant make it
michael:  mmm. no, you said you could man. were counting on ya. you know youre playing point guard
todd packer:   i… im not coming
michael:  no. hey… i mean, although its just for fun, you know we want… i was counting on you man.
todd packer:   oh, god! stop whining. you know, you only come to the pick up game once a year. you little bitch.  all right, yup. hey, okay. no problem, you know, best you can do. hey, you know. hey, nice talking to you too. all right take care.  michael scoot. thats funny. hes a good friend.
dwight:   mmm. good. mmm
angela:  theyre one per person.
dwight:  would you like to have a vacation this year? thats what i thought.  mmm, delicious.
pam:  well, i though we were saving money for the wedding, but apparently roy thought it was more important to buy two waverunners. i dont really ever get to use the other waverunner thats supposed to be mine because his brother uses it and they race.
dwight:  jim, youre the new schedule guy, huh
jim:  im trying, yup
dwight:  yeah, i hear that. you know what? this little baby might come in handy
jim:  great, thanks
dwight:  on one condition. you
jim:  forget it. its just a dry erase board
dwight:  oh, no its not. okay, check it out
jim:  okay, thats insanely complicated and the first thing im going to do is erase it
dwight:  no, youre not because i spent hours on it
jim:  well, then keep it
dwight:  okay, i will. okay, fine. youll be back.
michael:   i… i think you can play. like you could when you were a kid. i think you can never give up the play. because if people stop playing, then they stop living. its like a shark. if a shark stops playing he stops living. and sharks are very playful creatures.
angela:   im the safety officer, not you
dwight:  isnt that crazy? im a volunteer sheriffs deputy. lackawanna county says that its okay for me to perform cpr, but for michael my lips arent qualified enough for his perfect little face. its nuts
angela:  is that really necessary
dwight:   ive almost had my nose broken a dozen times.
michael:  you know what. i think most basketball movies are great movies. because its a great subject. theres one about a little kid who, um, joins a professional basketball team and hes really, really good and he can dunk and hes like 3 feet tall. and he can dunk the ball. that, oh, i love that movie. that movie kind of, that movie makes me cry. i dont like to cry on camera, but that movie makes me cry. um, because it touches a cord in me about hoops.  short, short, short! and basketball is like jazz, you know. to like pertipify it theres a jazz musician, a guy, you know… if you know jazz you know who i mean. hes uh, god what was his name? um, he plays one of those curly horns, like those really shiny curly horns thats used in jazz a lot.
jim:   yeah, michael. go michael.
dwight:  yes!
michael:  birdie. hes not the guy with the cheeks. kenny g. is… if you knew jazz, youd know who i mean. kenny g. god. glad i remembered that. jazz people know who he is.
michael:   dwight, pass it to jim! pass it to ryan
stanley:  oh, my ankle
michael:  stanley, gotta play hurt
stanley:  oh, actually no i dont michael
michael:  i just want you know, youve been a big disappointment to me today, okay
stanley:   oh. go away
michael:  im in. im in. here we go.  zone, phyllis! were playing zone!
everybody:   ah!
michael:  yes! yes! all right. we got game!
