jan:  are you listening to me michael
michael:  affirmative
jan:  what did i just say
michael:  you just said, let me uh… check my notes.you just said…
jan:  alan and i have created an incentive program to increase sales.
michael:  hey, hey how is alan?tell alan that the mets suck! okay? from me, big time. go pirates!
jan:  im not going to do that michael.
michael:  oka
jan:  weve created an incentive program to increase sales.
michael:  uh, huh.
jan:  at the end of the month you can reward your top seller with a prize worth up to a thousand dollars.
michael:  whoa. howdy-ho. wow, a thousand big ones. thats cool. do i uh, do i get to pick the prize?
jan:  uh, yes. yes you can.
michael:  um, question: does top salesman include uh, people who were at one time such outstanding salesman thatve been promoted to
jan:  no, michael. no. you cant win this prize.
michael:  i didnt mean me
michael:  well, first what we have to do is find out what motivates people more than anything else.
dwight:  sex.
michael:  its illegal. cant do that.next best thing.
dwight:  torture
michael:  tah, come on dwight. just help me out here. thats just stupid.
pam:  uh, michael
michael:  pam!
pam:  hey, theres a
michael:  burger with cheese
pam:  theres a person here
michael:  and fries!
pam:  theres
michael:  and shake! what? go ahead.
pam:  theres a person here who wants to sell handbags.
michael:  no, no, no. no vendors in the office. that is a distraction.
pam:  okay, i told her youd talk to her
michael:  pam. pam. come on, im busy. so just tell her to go away.
pam:  okay.
michael:   oooh, alright ill talk to her
katy:  this one is hand embroidered.
michael:  all right girls break it up, youre being infiltrated. cock in the henhouse.
dwight:  cocks in the henhouse.
michael:  dont say cocks. oh, what is your name, my fair lass?
katy:  katy.
michael:  ah, katy. wow. look at you. you are, uh youre like the new and improved pam. pam 6.0.
michael:  oh, look. oh hey, no catfights you two. imagainst violence in the workplace.
dwight:  so am i.
michael:  nobody cares what you think.
dwight:  doesnt matter.
michael:  so uh, you know what? i usually dont allow solicitors in the office but today i am going to break some rules, and you can have the conference room. its yours. all day.
katy:  wow, thanks.
pam:  theres an hr meeting in there at 11:30.
michael:  well, lets put em in the hallway. give em some chairs. right? decisiveness. one of the keys to success according to small businessman
michael:  i do. i read small business man. i also uh, subscribe to usa today and american way magazine, thats the in-flight magazine. some great articles in that. they did this great profile last month of doris roberts and where she likes to eat when shes in phoenix. illuminating
michael:  this is my conference room. so please, uh, make yourself at home. whatever you need, im right on the other side of this wall. used to be a window here. theres not anymore. so, thats where i will be.
michael:  so if you need anything else, something to make you more confortable just dont hesitate to ask. im right here.
katy:  i guess a cup of coffee would be great.
michael:  wait a second. i should have spotted another addict. uh, gotta love the ‘bucks.
katy:  what?
michael:  its like a slang for starbucks. theyre all over the place. oh, man, that place is like the promised land to me. what a business model too. ah, too bad we dont have the good stuff here.
katy:  regular coffee is fine.
michael:  nah, its not. its spppplllibb
katy:  no really it is.
michael:  no, heres the thing. yknow i do my best to be my own man and go by the beat of a different drummer and nobody gets me, and theyre always putting up walls and im always tearing em down, just breakin down barriers, thats what i do all day.so a coffee, regular coffee for you. high test, or unleaded
katy:  bring it on.
michael:  oh. woo, i will. i will bring it on. ah, all right
kevin:  so are you jealous cause theres another girl around
pam:  no.
kevin:  shes prettier than you though.
pam:  thats a very rude thing to say, kevin.
kevin: 
katy:  so do you like the periwinkle and the purples
dwight:  the purse girl hits everything on my checklist. creamy skin. straight teeth. curly hair. amazing breasts. not for me, for my children. the schrutes produce very thirsty babies
michael:   there ya go. nice steaming cup ojoe.
katy:  thank you.
michael:  i have an idea.why dont i introduce you around, you know you can kind of get your foot in the door, meet potential clientele, right?
katy:  gosh, i would love to but, my purses, i should, um
michael:  oh, um, well, we could have ryan take a look. ryan, would you look after the purses, please?
ryan:  im installing file share on all the computers.
michael:  yeah, well, bladdy-bluda-blah-blah. techno-babble. just do it, okay. we have company. right
michael:  you should sell a lot here because this branch made over a million dollars last year. not that were all millionaires. im probably closest. so heres oscar. oscar, this is katy.
oscar:  im on the phone.
michael:  oooh-ooh. oscar the grouch. right? i thought of that.
katy:  that was on sesame street.
michael:  i know. i know. i made the connection. can you believe hed never heard that before he worked here?
katy:  no, i dont believe that.
michael:  i know, its unbelievable
pam:  its nice having katy around. its another person for michael to um, interact with
michael:  here is toby from human resources. katy, toby.
katy:  h
toby:  hi, nice to meet you.
michael:  toby, katy.
toby:  hey, um did you go to uh, bishop ohara?
katy:  yeah.
toby:  yeah, me too.
katy:  cool. what year were you there?
toby:  eighty-nine.
michael:  tobys divorced. he uh, guh recently, right?
toby:  yeah.
michael:  you and your wife, and you have kids.
toby:  a girl.
michael:  oh that so – that was really messy. he slept one night in your car too?
toby: 
katy:  i should probably get back to my table.
michael:  okay. alright. cool.see ya in a bit.  oh, shes cute.cutie-pie. back to work
michael:  i live by one rule. no office romances. no way. very messy. inappropriate. no. but, i live by another rule: just do it. nike
roy:  hey, jimmy what do you think of that little purse girl, huh
jim:  cute, sure, yeah.
roy:  why dont you get on that?
jim:  shes not really my type.
roy:  what are you gay?
jim:  hmmm, i dont think so. nope.
kevin:  what is your type?
jim:   moms, primarily. yep. soccer moms. single moms. nascar moms. any type of moms, really.
roy:  thats disgusting.
kevin:  stay away from my mom.
jim:  too late, kev.
roy:   man, i would be all over that if i wasnt dating pam.
pam:  were not dating, were engaged.
roy:  engaged, yeah
jim:  pam and i are good buddies.im sort of pams go-to guy for her problems. you know with stuff like work, or uh, her fiance roy. or uh… nope, those are pretty much her only two problems
jim:  shed be perfect for you.
dwight:  hmmm… shes been talking to michael a lot.
jim:  so, what? youre assistant regional manager.
dwight:  assistant to the regional manager.
jim:  well, you know what dwight? hes your work boss, okay? he is not your relationship boss.
dwight:  thats true.
jim:  plus you have so much more to talk to this girl about, youre both um, salesmen. i mean thats something right there.
dwight:  true. plus i can talk to her about the origins of my last name.
jim:  its all gold
katy:  guys are usually my best customers, they buy the high end stuff like the beads and the sequins and stuff. for gifts, you know?they dont know what they are looking at. so i make suggestions
jim:  alright. heres the thing okay, you just keep talking to her.if you hit a stall you have a perfect fall back.
dwight:  whats that
jim:  you buy a purse.
dwight:  i dont want a purse. purses are for girls.
jim:  dwight, thats not necessarily true. do you read gq?
dwight:  no
jim:  okay, i do. there like mini briefcases, alright?lots of guys have them.
dwight:  like those?
jim:  yes. listen, you are spending way too much time talking to me, when you could be talking to her.
dwight:  okay, im just going to use the bathroom, and then im going…
jim:  no. you dont need the bathroom. youve got it. go
jim:  okay, shhhh stop… stop whatever youre doing because this is going to be good.
pam: 
jim:   hi my names dwight schrute and i would like to buy a purse from you. good lord, look at these purses! this is something special. oh my god is this salvatore di-chini-asta?
pam:   oh definitely, definitely step in and out of it like that
jim:  yes, well i want to stress test it. you know, in case anything happens.
pam:  oh!
jim:  oh! that was really.  this is necessary to do to really give it a good workout. this is the ooooh… this is the prettiest one of all.
pam:  oh
jim:  im going to be the prettiest girl in the ball.oh, how much?
pam:  oh, god. its sad. its so sad.
jim:   here he comes, shhh
jim:   good
pam: 
jim:  he did pick a good one.
pam:  youre horrible
katy:  this ones really good for a hot date.
pam:  yeah, whats that?
katy: 
pam:  im engaged. so
katy:  congratulations.you need a hot date more than anyone.
pam:  i wished, right?
michael:  giggle-giggle, juji-juji, i get it, i get it. divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood over here right? so hows that uh, coffee from earlier
katy:  good.
michael:  ah, i knew it. guzzled it down. you greedy little thing.so, uh, pam is this your lunch break, or was that earlier when you were eating in the kitchen with those guys?
katy:   sorry
michael:  busted.
katy:   come back
michael:  oh hey, i want to show you something. come here i want to show you something.i know you are going to like this. picked it up today. a thousand big ones.
katy:  is that from starbucks?
michael:  yes. this is a starbucks digital barista. this is the mack daddy of espresso makers.
katy:  wow. is that for the office?
michael:  oh, i know what youre thinking. youre not prying this out of my hands, but dont tempt me because ill give it to you
katy:  i wouldnt think of it
michael:  coffee is the great incentivizer in the office. its a drug. it is quite literally a drug that speeds people up. its not the only drug that speeds people up. you hear stories about dunder mifflin in the eighties before everybody knew how bad cocaine was. guh. man, did they move paper
michael:   oh the rotating um, steam wand.  what? whats the matter?
katy:  oh, nothing.my ride just bailed on me.
michael:  oh, oh! god. im sorry. is there…?
katy:  oh no, its um
michael:  where you going? nearby? because i can give you a ride
katy:  no
michael:  seriously. no, really
katy:  no. i really dont want to inconvenience you.
michael:  god! no, no, no, no. no inconvenience. i mean im out of here at five sharp.
katy:  at five?
michael:  i can go earlier. ‘cause im the boss. you know, whatever. im out of here slaves.
katy:  okay.
michael:  what
katy:  okay, i guess that would be, i guess that would be okay.
michael:  okay. sounds good. sounds good.five oclock sharp.i will give you and your purses a ride home.
katy:  okay. cool.
michael:  excellent.
katy:  cool.
michael:  great. cool. cool.  yeah, okay
michael:  i should have never let the temp touch this thing. i had all these great icons and now i have four folders. so.
dwight:  its actually better this way.
michael:  no its not. because i could just click on the icon and then im onto—
dwight:  michael could i ask you something? i wanted to ask your permission to ask out katy. i know its against the rules and everything. because
michael:  no, no, no its not against the rules.shes not a permanent employee so its not.
dwight:  thank you, michael. i appreciate this so much
michael:  but i think you should just know that i am going to be giving her a ride home later.
dwight:  what
michael:  she asked me for a ride and so i am going to give her a ride home.
dwight:  is that all it is? just a ride home? like a taxicab?
michael:  well, might be a ride home.might be a ride home and we stop for coffee and dot-dot-dot
dwight:  please. please, i am your inferior and im asking you this favor. can you promise me that it will just be a ride home?
michael:  no. i cannot promise you that.
dwight:  you cannot promise me, or you wont promise me
michael:  listen, dwight.
dwight:  do you love her?
michael:   dwight, no. i dont know. its too early to tell. i dont know how i feel.
katy:  i think youve made a really good choice, shes really going to like that.
stanley:  hmmm
michael:  espresso
katy:  oh, thank you.
michael:  youre welcome. thank you.hmmm-hmm-hmm
stanley:  is that from the machine that was in your office?
michael:  ummm-hmmm
stanley:  i thought that was the incentive prize for the top salesperson.
michael:  very easy to clean.
michael:  okay. like hes going to win anyway, right?
michael:  did we get any mail?
pam:  yeah, i gave it to you
michael:  yes you did. yes, you did. just checkin. just checkin, double checkin, checkin on the check. thoroughness is very important in an office and
pam:  so, can i..?
michael:  yeah, yeah, of course. uh, pam, one more thing. um, how do girls your age feel about futons
jim:  a futon?
pam: 
jim:  hes a grown man
pam:  thats what he said.
jim:  thats sad. or its innovative. well, you know the futon is a bed and couch all rolled into one.
roy:  whats up
pam:   hi.
roy:  are you still mad at me?
pam:  roy
roy:  come on
pam:  cut it out
roy:  come on, you mad at me?
pam:  stop it.
roy:  are you still mad at me now?
pam:   cut it out.
roy:  are you mad at me now?
pam:  stop.
roy:  huh? huh?come on… come on, pammy i was just kidding.
pam:   stop, i cant breathe.
roy:  i was just kidding.you know i didnt mean it. i cant
pam:  jim is a great guy. hes like a brother to me.were like best friends in the office and i really hope he finds someone
katy:  you seem to like to touch things. did you try the velvet?
angela:  i dont like to necessarily touch things. im just… im shopping.
katy:  oh no, its fine that you, um. here, what about the raspberry one? its really uh, kind of festive. its got a lot of personality.
angela:  yeah, uh no.
dwight:  hey, hows it going?good. can i talk to you for a second? in private?
katy:  i dont think so im really busy.
dwight:  it will just take a second
katy:  i cant.
dwight:  just for a minute.
katy:  i really cant.
dwight:  please? i wanted to talk to you in private because i wanted to ask you out on a date.
katy:  no.
dwight:  ok was that no to talking to me in private, or was that no to the date?
katy:  both.
katy:  what colors do you like?
angela:  gray. dark gray. charcoal
michael:  ryan
ryan:  yeah
michael:  would you like to help me with a special project?
ryan:  i would love to.
michael:  alright
michael:   okay, just throw out all the empties
ryan:  you dont want to recycle them?
michael:  um, yes. throw them away in the recycling bin.
ryan:  do you want this?
michael:  no.
ryan:  what about this bottle of power drink?
michael:  uh, what flavor?
ryan:  blue.
michael:  blues not a flavor.
ryan:  it says flavor: blue blast.
michael:  oh, blue blast. yes, put that in the trunk, and there should be an unopened arctic chill back there. i want that in the passengers cupholder. thank you
jim:  hi.
katy:  hi.
jim:  im jim, by the way.
katy:  im katy.
jim:  hi katy, nice to meet you.
katy:  you sit out there, dont you?
jim:  i do. thats what im best known for. sitting out there. alright, lets talk about purses.
katy:  okay, um
jim:  katy but you know what, dont try to sell me one. okay, seriously cause im just here to learn.
katy:  okay. 
jim:  okay, so i know about most of these, but you know you can…
katy:  okay
michael:  what, stop! whoa! thats my drakkar noir.
ryan:  no, this is rite aid night swept.
michael:  no, it is a perfect smell-alike. im not paying for the label. right here. give it.
ryan:  well, its empty.
michael:  not its not, theres some in the straw.  there, now you may throw it out.
ryan:  wow. how many filet-o-fishes did you eat
michael:  thats over several months, ryan.
ryan:   still
jim:  whats up?
pam:  im bored.
jim:  thank you for choosing me.
pam:  no, im kidding. um, so you got big plans this weekend?
jim:  ah, well i think im gonna see katy.
pam:  really?
jim:  yeah.
pam:  what are you guys going to do?
jim:  oh, man i dont know. uh, dinner, drinks, movie, matching tattoos
pam:  thats great
jim:  and stuff… yeah.
pam:  thats cool
jim:  what are you doing?
pam:  i, i was gonna say, i think that um, were gonna help roys cousin move
jim:  okay
pam:  ‘cause roys got a truck
jim:  thats cool
pam:  uh, huh. yes
jim:  that is cool. well, ill see you monday though, right?
pam:  great.
jim:  okay.
pam:  okay, im gonna head back.
jim:  alright
michael:  i think in order to be a ladies man, its imperative that people dont know youre a ladies man, so i kind of play that close to the chest. i dont know, what can i say? women are attracted to power. and i think other people have told me that i have a very symmetrical face.  i dont know. i dont know. maybe theyre right?i dont know
michael:  sure you dont want me to help you with that?cause i can grab that no problem
katy:  goodnight, it was nice nice to meet some of you.
michael:  see you later. goodnight. goodnight, jim.
jim:  goodnight, michael.
michael:  where you going?
jim:  i dont know. grab a drink, i think?
michael:  with us?
katy:  i uh, i probably should have told you, i dont need a ride now cause jim can take me home after so youre off the hook.
michael:  okay. great. off the hook. excellent. okay, cool
jim:  i got this.
michael:  alright, have fun
katy:  thanks
jim:  i got it
michael:  dont drink and drive
michael:  take it easy.
jim:  have a good night.
michael:  you too, have a good night.
katy:  you got that?
jim:  oh, yeah. you sold a lot, so its lighter.
katy:  good. here. squeeze it inside
jim:  alright now, im gonna warn you. dont freak out, okay
katy:  why
jim:  this is a really nice car. in case you havent noticed, this is a corolla. okay.
katy:  its a… its a very nice car.
jim:  youre not going to freak out
michael:  do i have a special someone?uh well, yeah of course. a bunch of em. my employees. if i had to choose between a one-night-stand with some stupid cow i pick-up in a bar, and these people? id pick them every time.because with them, it is an everyday stand and i still know their names in the morning
dwight:  the perfect girl for me would be konikotaka. she has the most amazing story. she was orphaned at age 10 when both her parents were assassinated, and she was taken in by a wealthy, but very cruel, businessman. so she practiced aikido in secret for years until she could avenge the death of her parents. shes also a survivor of monster rape.
dwight:  this is really well made. good stitching. excellent fabric.  you sell a lot of these
katy:  its very popular, yeah
dwight:  i knew it. is it waterproof
katy:  im not sure. its faux snakeskin
dwight:  snakes are waterproof. so, im betting that its waterproof. do you know the difference between a snake and an eel
katy:  no
dwight:  ‘cause i could look it up real easily
katy:  youre really into reptiles, huh
dwight:  my belts made out of alligator. check it out.
katy:  oh, um, its okay
michael:  dwight. dwight. dwight! okay, thats it. keep it in your pants
dwight:  i was just showing her my belt
michael:  well, dont do that. where are your glasses
dwight:  i…
michael:  he wears glasses. did you know that
dwight:  not all the time
michael:  well, now suddenly he can see.  okay, take off. see ya. bye-bye.  there you go steaming hot cup of joe
katy:  thank you
michael:  oh, i know your hero. yeah, saving you from animal planet jack over there.
katy:  ha. yeah, asks a lot of questions
michael:  yeah, yeah he is the worst.
michael:  whats the um, saying, “once their laughing theyre… thats… once theyre laughing thats 50 percent of them being horizontal. so, not that im just… not that thats my… thats what im trying to do, but i think it helps kind of melts the ice. breaks the ice, melts… breaks the ice and melts them. melts their hearts.
michael:  thank you, al gore… for the internet. can send messages from one side the global to the other in the blink of an eye. can you believe we couldnt do that ten years ago
katy:  we could do that ten years ago
michael:  right, but 20 years ago we couldnt and that is amazing. heres toby from human resources. this is katy. toby, katy
toby:  hi
katy:  hi
toby:  hey, did you go to bishop ohara
katy:  yeah
toby:  yeah, me too
katy:  cool, what year where you there
toby:  89
katy:  oh
michael:   tobys divorced. god, thats hard. that really ripped you up. she got the kids right? thatll damage ya. sorry man. thats uh, thats a bad one. how much you paying her? what can, you cant even afford anything now, right? youre all right though, right? dont ask me for a raise.  cup of soups a good idea though. thatll… thats a good budgetary thing to do
toby:  its just a snack
michael:  well, theyre good snacks. theyre good food, good meals, good lunch. roman noodles are good too. you still sleepin in the car
toby:  no
michael:  ‘cause he slept in the car a couple times
toby:  just the once
michael:  are you still taking the antidepressants? ‘cause it was a good idea. ‘cause itll help. itll help, man
katy:  im gonna go back to my table
michael:  okay. ill see you in a bit.  shes pretty cute isnt she? see you in a bit.
ryan:  i mean whatever one you want
kelly:  um, i like that one i think.
ryan:  yeah, i mean, it looks real good, probably.
pam:  you know michaels been talking to her too
jim:  oh, really
pam:  what do you think his chances are
jim:  well, pam im not gonna lie to you, hes chances are none. um, hes 41 years old, he is losing his hair and his cell phone ring is “mambo #5.” so
pam:   i like that song
jim:  i dont know though. i mean, you know that was a hit
pam:   10 years ago
jim:  yeah, was it 10? yeah, i have it on a mix tape from junior high.
jim:  went well
dwight:  i think it did
jim:  you know what, just in case shes looking you should put some stuff in it
dwight:  seriously
jim:  anything.  good. yup
dwight:  what else
jim:  post-it notes. wow, that purse holds a lot
dwight:  its a mini-briefcase
jim:  yeah, oh, i know. looks great. 
kevin:  do you like steve miller
katy:  no
kevin:  ‘cause im in a steve miller tribute… tribute band.
jim:  hey, dwight. i need your stapler
dwight:  its in my purse
jim:  oh, great thanks.
dwight:  let me describe the perfect date. i take her out to a nice dinner. she looks amazing. some guy tries to hit on her. uh, now he wants to fight. so i grab him. i throw him into a jukebox. then the other ninjas got a knife. he comes at me. we grapple. i turn his knife on him. blood on the dance floor. shes scared now, i take her home. im holding her in my arms. i reach in for a kiss. i hear something in the leaves. i flip her around. she gets a poison arrow right in her back. she was in on it the whole time. but, i knew.
michael:  all right. thats looking good. hey um, ryan do you have any music i can borrow
ryan:  what kind do you like
michael:  ah, i know, everything really. i love it all. i love music
ryan:  okay, do youlike hip-hop? do you like indie rock?
michael:  yes, i love both of those so much. a lot of em
ryan:  okay. do you like the strokes
michael:  mmm hmm. i like em
ryan:  do you like the hives
michael:  yes. god. theyre awesome
ryan:  you like the fleebulls, the glorps
michael:  uh huh. yup. that last thing they did was great
ryan:  yeah, i had a feeling you would like those
michael:  cool, so maybe hook me upwith some fleebulls and some hive
ryan:  absolutely
michael:  all right. this is gonna be good.
dwight:  hi, here you can have this.  its a mini-briefcase, but you can use it as a purse
kelly:  uh, thank you.
