michael:  tonight is the dundies, the annual employee awards night here at dunder mifflin.  and this is everybodys favorite day. everybody looks forward to it, because, you know, a lot of the people here dont get trophies, very often. like meredith or kevin, i mean, whos gonna give kevin an award? dunkin donuts? plus, bonus, its really, really funny. so i, you know, an employee will go home, and hell tell his neighbor, “hey, did you get an award?” and the neighbor will say, “no man. i mean, i slave all day and nobody notices me.” next thing you know, employee smells something terrible coming from neighbors house. neighbors hanged himself due to lack of recognition. so…
jim:  so, you ready for the… the dundies
pam:  ugh…
pam:  you know what they say about a car wreck, where its so awful you cant look away? the dundies are like a car wreck that you want to look away, but you have to stare at it because your boss is making you.
michael:   hey hey hey! its fat halpert
jim:  what
michael:   fat halpert.  jim halpert.
michael:  so why dont i take you on a tour of past dundie winners. we got fat jim halpert here. jim, why dont you show of your dundies to the camera
jim:  oh, i cant because i keep them hidden. i dont want to look at them and get cocky.
michael:  oh, thats a good idea
dwight:  mine are at home in a display case above my bed
michael:  gyaaah. t.m.i. t.m.i my friends.
michael:  t.m.i.? too much information. ah, its just easier to say t.m.i. i used to say “dont go there” but thats… lame.
michael:  and here we have stanley the manly. now stanley is a dundie all-star, arent you stan? why dont you, ah, show them some of your bling
stanley:  i dont know where they are, i think i threw them out
michael:  oh, no you di-int
stanley:  i think i did
michael:  w-why did you
stanley:  say, we got to order some more apa-teezers this time.we ran out last year, remember
michael:  yes we should. i… you know what?i wanted one of those skillets of cheese, but when i got off stage,  someone had eaten all of them.
michael:   to oscar martinez its the “show me the money” award! yeah!
pam:  michael has taped 
oscar:   thats supposed to be confidential
michael:   he has the award-ah! …its a type of song that we are going to play for the ladies. hit it, dwight
michael:   a little bit of paaam, all night long, a little bit of angela on the thing
michael:  …a little bit of phyllis everywhere
pam:  oh, yeah, this is the part where kevin sat in front of the camcorder all night. its great
michael:   …a little bit of roooy eating chicken crispers… …a little bit of jim with some ribs, a little bit of…
kelly:  it was you
phyllis:  live and learn
pam:   it wasnt. i swear
kelly:  yeah, it was.
dwight:  so, whats the joke? youre not perfect either
pam:  were not laughing at you, dwight
dwight:  so who are we laughing at
pam:  um, just something somebody wrote
dwight:  who? dave barry
kelly:   no. no, just something that was written in the ladies room wall
dwight:  what is it? who wrote it
pam:  um, its kind of private
phyllis:   its about michael
dwight:  that is defacement of company property. so you better tell me. kelly, if you tell me, youll be punished less
pam:  okay, now im laughing at you.
michael:   will her highness, jan levinson-gould, be descending from her corporate throne this evening to visit us lowly serfs here at dunder mifflin scranton
jan:   its a, its, its a two and a half hour drive from new york, michael
michael:  well, you could take the bus.you could work on the way here. sleep on the way home
jan:  no
michael:  wuh… come on, jan. this is important. i mean, this is, this is, validation to my employees here that you and corporate approve of this. so
jan:  no, we dont approve of this michael. i mean, y-you only had the budget for one office party a year, so… were not paying for this
michael:  um
michael:   could you…
jan:  are you there michael
michael:  yeah, im here, i just wanted to, uh, talk to you for a second about that
michael:  um, what, ah, what is, i mean
michael:  …come on, jan
michael:  youre dropping an a-bomb on me here
jan:  really? im dropping an atomic bomb on you
michael:  well, yeah, i mean, what is
jan:  you already had a party on may 5th for no reason
michael:  no reason?! it was the 05 05 05 party
jan:  and you had a luau…
michael:  …it happens once every billion years
jan:  and a tsunami relief fundraiser which somehow lost a lot of money
michael:  okay, no, that was a fun raiser. i think i made that very clear in the fliers, fun, f-u-n
jan:  okay, well, i dont understand why anyone would have a tsunami fun raiser, michael. i mean, that doesnt even make sense
michael:  well, i think a lot of people were very affected by the footage.
michael:  this is a little character i like to do , it is, uh, loosely based on karnack, one of carsons classic characters.  here we go. the plo, the ira, and the hot dog stand behind the warehouse.  “name three businesses that have a better health care plans than dunder mifflin.”heres the problem. theres no open bar because of jan and its the reason why comedy clubs have a two drink minimum. itll be fine, i just…wish people were going to be drunk.
phyllis:  dwight, get out of here!
dwight:  no, no, no, no
phyllis:  what were you doing in the ladies room?
dwight:  …no, no, no, no, its not what you think
phyllis:  why were you peering over the stalls?
dwight:  no, why were you in there?
phyllis:  you are a pervert
dwight:  what were you doing in there
phyllis:  you, are, a pervert
dwight:  i am not.
michael:   the dundie award for “longest engagement” goes to pam beesley
michael:  pam, everybody!
michael:  whoooo! when is that girl gonna get married? thats what i have to say. ah, roys accepting
roy:   yes
michael:   thank you roy. are there any words youd like to say, on pams behalf
roy:   ah, w-well see you next year
michael:   yeah, oh, hope not! oh god!
michael:  im not changing that, its the best one
jim:  no, its hilarious, youre right. i just think, um, “worlds longest engagement”, um, were all expecting it, you know
michael:  thats why its funny. every year that roy and pam dont get married, it gets funnier
jim:  well i think if you use the same jokes it just comes across as lazy
michael:  oh,  lazy. uh huh.
dwight:  excuse me, everyone, could i have your attention please. i just wanted to say that the women in this office are terrible. especially the ones who wrote that stuff about michael on the bathroom wall. having a bathroom is a privilege. it is called a ladies room for a reason. and if you cannot behave like ladies, well then you are not going to have a bathroom.
pam:  youre taking away our bathroom
dwight:  we are going to have two mens rooms
phyllis:  but where would we…go
dwight:  be prepared to hold folks  from 9 am to
pam:  michael
michael:  yes
pam:  …dwight is banning us from our bathroom
michael:  okay, well, thats just ridiculous, so just dont, i-i dont have time for this right now
dwight:  nnnnno, there needs to be repercussions
michael:  just dont, dont talk
dwight:  …for peoples behavior
michael:  dont talk
dwight:  and its
michael:  just stap it yap it!!!!
michael:  okay, look, i know there have been a lot of rumors flying around about the dundies this year. how there is no money, and how there is no food, and how the jokes are really bad, but what the hell everybody!? i mean, god. the dundies are about the best, in every, one of us. cant you see that? i mean, okay, we can do better. so, tonight, for the first time, we are inviting all of your friends and family to attend the awards with us
dwight:   yes
michael:  yeah, not bad, right? so lets make this the best dundies ever
dwight:   best dundies ever.
dwight:  welcome to the eighth annual dundies awards
dwight:  before we get started, a few announcements. keep your acceptance speeches short, i have wrap it up music, and im not afraid to use it.  devon!
michael:  “the dundies, how can i explain it? awards you like to hate it. im psyched you all made it. you never had to work so hard and feel that no one notices you.youre just a name and number and no one even says hello.”  card!
oscar:  the dundies are kind of like a kids birthday party, and you go, and theres really nothing for you to do there. but the kids having a really good time, so youre, kind of there. thats-thats kind of what its like.
michael:  “you down with the dundies? you down with the dundie-
dwight:  the waitress tripped on the cord
michael:  alright, alright, joke landed. so we are here, thank you all for coming to the 2005 dundie awards.  i am your host, michael scott. and i just want to tell you please, please, do not drink and drive. because you may hit a bump and spill the drink!
kevin:   oh, just put these on the group tab
michael:  nope, actually this year, ah, no group tab, were going to be doing separate checks
stanley:  you said, we could bring our families
michael:  i did. and why didnt ya stanley
stanley:  i did, my wifes name is terri
michael:  well, im looking forward to meeting terri
stanley:  its this person whos hand im holding michael.
michael:   shut it.  um, good. speaking of relationships, of all, all way shapes and forms. um, i was out on a very, very hot date with a girl from hr, dwight
dwight:  really? we dont have any girls from hr
michael:  no, that…for the sake of the story. and things were getting hot and heavy
dwight:  yeah
michael:  and i was about to take her bra off
dwight:  yeah
michael:  …when she made me fill out six hours of paperwork
dwight:  like an aids test
michael:  no!  god.
michael:   alright, so lets get this party staaaarrrrted.
darryl:  hey lets go to poor richards
roy:  yeah, lets get out of here
pam:  um…
michael:  um, guys, where you going? pam, shows just getting started
pam:  sorry.
ryan:  you staying
jim:  yeah, gotta eat somewhere.
michael:  and now… to someone who quietly goes about their job, but always seems to land the biggest accounts
michael:  …the “busiest beaver” award goes to phyllis lapin
michael:  yeah, way to go phyllis. nice work, per usual
phyllis:  this says “bushiest beaver”
michael:  what? i told them busiest…idiots
phyllis:  its, its fine
michael:  well, well fix it up. you dont have to display that.
pam:  …because thats what happens every time
roy:  …talking about? hes a jackass every year
pam:  no
roy:   come on, were going to poor richards
pam:   no, i dont want to go, i dont want to
roy:  pam. go
pam:  if you would have asked me that, then you would know.
michael:   herro everybodeeee. im gonna cwall jan revinson-gould.
jim:  hey! how are ya? i thought you left
pam:  oh no, i just, i decided to stay
jim:  oh
pam:  ill just get a ride home from angela
jim:  oh.
pam:  oh good, im just in time for ping
jim:  yeah
michael:   oh, dat wir be fwar. ah, me so horny
michael:  right? you know wat im talking bout.
pam:   can i get a drink?
michael:  this next award goes to somebody, who really, lights up the office
michael:  somebody, who i think a lot of us, cannot keep, from checking out. the “hottest in the office” award goes to… …ryan the temp
michael:  yeah.  “hidy ho, you sexy thang. you sexy thang you.” here you go.
ryan:  what am i going to do with the award? nothing. i-i dont know what im going to do. thats the least of my…concerns right now.
michael:  and the “tight ass” award goes to angela.not only because she is everybodys favorite stickler, but because she has, a great caboose.so…come on down
angela:  no.
jim:   i think those might be empty
pam:  no, no. ‘cause the ice melts and then its like second drink!
jim:  second drink?
michael:  the “spicy curry” award goes to our very own kelly kapoor!get on up here. here you go
kelly:  “spicy curry”, whats that mean
michael:  um, not everything means something, its just a joke
kelly:  yeah, but whyd you give it to me?
michael:  i dont know, its just
kelly:  this is a bowler
michael:  i know. its ju- they didnt have any more businessmen. so
kelly:  yeah, but everyone else
michael:  just sit down kelly.
michael:   its so freakin hot in there. now i know what bob hope was going through when he performed in saudi arabia. man! i got dwight sucking the funny out of the room, but you do what you can do.  here we go, hes early with the cue. here we go.
michael:   “you have won a tiny dundie.
guy at bar:  sing it elton
michael:  hey, thanks guys. hey, where you guys from
michael:  oh, alright, yeah
guy at bar: sing em a song dude
michael:  uh, you know what guys, were just having a little office party, so if you want, uh
michael:   hey, you know, cool it guys, really
guy at bar:  you suck man
michael:  lets cut it.
michael:    i had a few more dundies to, uh, give out tonight, but, im just going to cut it short. and wrap it up so everybody can enjoy their food. um…thanks for listening, those who listened.  this last dundie is for kevin, this is the “dont go in there after me” award. its for the time that i went into the bathroom after him, and it was really, really smelly. so
michael:  there you go.
pam:  yay kevin. whoo hoo for kevin! for stinking up the bathroom
jim:   yeah, alright kev
pam:  woo! hey, i havent gotten one yet
jim:  yes, i have not gotten one either. so, keep going
pam:  more dundies
pam and jim:   dundies! dundies! dundies! dundies
everybody:  dundies! dundies
michael:   alright, alright, alright, okay. alright, well keep rolling. okay, this is the fine work award. this goes to stanley, for all the fine work he did this year
pam:  fine work! fine work stanley
michael:  you know you did.
pam:  here here! speech, speech, speech, speech
stanley:  well, well, last year, i got great work, so i dont
stanley:  so, i dont know what to think about this award. but at least i didnt get smelliest bowel movement like kevin. 
michael:  and this next award is going out to our own little pam beesley
michael:  …i think we all know what award pam is going to be getting this year
michael:  it is the “whitest sneakers” award! because she always has the whitest tennis shoes on!
michael:  get on down here! pam beesley ladies and gentlemen!  oh, here we go
pam:  i have so many people to thank for this award.
pam:  okay, first off, my keds. because i couldnt have done it without them.  thank you. lets give michael a round of applause for mc-ing tonight because  this is a lot harder than it looks. and also because of dwight too
pam:  um, so, finally, i want to thank god. because god gave me this dundie
pam:  and, i feel god in this chilis tonight. whoooooooo!!!
michael:  pam beesley ladies and gentleman.  oh! thank you.
jim:  what a great year for the dundies.
jim:  we got to see ping. and we learned of michaels true feelings for ryan.  which was touching. and, we heard michael change the lyrics to a number of classic songs.  which for me, has ruined them for life.
jim:  what
pam:  nothing
jim:  okay
pam:  what
jim:  i dont know, what
jim:  oh my god! you are so drunk!
jim:  did you get that? please tell me you got that. this is all going to be on
dwight:  quick, quick, the woman is having a seizure. grab her tongue, grab her tongue! its okay, im a sheriffs deputy
jim:  hes a volunteer
dwight:  dont get into that now. we need something to cushion her head. throw pillow? a cush
jim:  dwight come on, come
dwight:  its okay, im going to use my shirt
pam:  dwight, get off me
employee:  im sorry, youre gonna have to put your clothes back on, people are trying to eat
dwight:   ahh! i cant-
michael:  was this years dundies a success? well, lets see, i made pam laugh so hard, that she fell out of her chair, and she almost broke her neck. so i killed, almost.
pam:  oh my god
jim:  whoa
pam:  i just want to say, that this was the best, dundies, ever! whooooooooo!!
jim:  whoa
jim:  whoa, careful, careful.
michael:  great work tonight
dwight:  watch your step
michael:  excellent
dwight:  thanks, i had to, uh, check her pupils to make sure there wasnt a concussion
michael:  yes, that too, but i mean with the audio. great work.
pam:  i feel bad about what i wrote on the bathroom wall
jim:  no you dont.
jim:  oh, here she is. careful, careful, whoa. alright, easy. almost there
pam:  hey, um, can i ask you a question
jim:  shoot
pam:  um, i just wanted to say thanks
jim:  not really a question.  okay, lets get you home, youre drunk
jim:  alright
pam:  bye
jim:  goodnight, have a good night. thank you angela
michael:  tmi. too much information. i used to say, “dont go there,” but that is so lame now. or, “you go, girl.” or… um, when did “wheres the beef?” that was, like, a long, long time ago. its funny how the shelf life of these things, like how long they last, like, “too much information” probably came on the scene… i mean, i didnt hear it till, like, this month, so its pretty recently. um, but you know, theyre generally good for, like, no more than five or six years
toby:  yes, thats true. i have never won a dundie. i am more than okaywith that
kelly:  i think im gonna share some cadillac fajitas with toby. toby is so cute, except he has that stupid kid
angela:  yes, im the designated driver, which is very important. we need everyone to get home safely.  but no one ever gives me gas money, and people live all over. its expensive
dwight:   like a gaggle of geese…
michael:  all right, we need something for kevin
jim:  mmm-hmmm
michael:  what do we know about him? hes an accountant
jim:  he plays guitar, he likes naval history. hes a bowler
michael:   hes fat. the fat accountant award
jim:  well, you seem to have this under control
jim: the weird part about this whole deal this that michael truly believes that these awards are inspiring and motivational. i mean, he puts more effort and time and commitment into the dundies than anything else he does all year. which is probably why this branch will be downsized
michael:  i am the fat accountant
dwight:  michael, i need to talk to you
michael:  here he is
dwight:  i just thought that you might like to know that someone has written something about you on the ladies room wall
michael:  really? what did they say? “for a good time, call michael scott”
jim:  good one
dwight:  uh, no, no. no, i think something bad, maybe
michael:  why do you think that? you just immediately go to that, dwight? why are you so negative? why
dwight:  michael
michael:  i mean, you just come in and youre just negative
dwight:  michael
michael:  …and you just walk negatively
michael:  do you want me to find out what it says
michael:  yes
dwight:  by any means necessary
michael:  what does that even mean? what are you… what are you talking about
dwight:  its the ladies room
michael:  just go and find out what it says and who said it and report back to me. but dont tell anybody that i have anything to do with it because if they ask me, i will say that you are crazy
michael:  thank you. you wont regret this, michael
jim:  what award would you like to give dwight
michael:  i hadnt planned on including him
jim:  okay
michael:  kevin
dwight:  it hasnt always been easy being a whistleblower. when i was in school, the kids would call me a tattle-tale or a snitch or a worm. so i really identify with those women from enron. i wrote them letters to tell them how much they inspired me, but they never wrote back. i guess theyre all married
dwight:  angela, its simple. just tell me what the bathroom wall says
angela:  i dont talk about what goes on in the restroom
dwight:  im not asking what you do in there. i just want to know whats written about michael
angela:  i dont says those kinds of things out loud. its inappropriate
dwight:  okay, ill talk. you nod if i get it right. does it have to do with his butt or his wiener
kevin:  i think his characters are pretty funny. especially ping
michael:  well, what should i do, guys? seriously, do you want me to just cancel the dundies
kelly:  no, we were just hoping you wouldnt do those characters, like last time
michael:  ping? everybody loves ping. hes my most popular character
oscar:  i think many people find that character slightly racist
michael:  really? well, he is based on the chinese delivery guy that i have, who talks exactly like that, so, i think you should take it up with him instead of me
oscar:  look, im just saying that there are many people that are offered by your insensitive skits
michael:   well, neither of you are chinese, so what… why do you care
phyllis:  dwight, get out of here
dwight:  no, no, no
phyllis:  you cant be in here
dwight:  its not what you think
phyllis:  shut up. youre a freak
dwight: im on official business
phyllis:  you are
dwight:  this is dunder mifflin
phyllis:  im telling michael
dwight:  no. phyllis, youre not
phyllis:  im telling michael
dwight:  phyllis, no. no
phyllis:  michael, michael
dwight:  phyllis, no, no. do not listen to her. shes out of her mind
phyllis:  dwight was in the ladies room and he was looking at me
michael:  what
dwight:  that is not true
phyllis:  he was looking at me in the ladies room
dwight: thats totally unfair. i was just in the ladies room in order to spy
michael:  dwight, youve hit a new low here
phyllis:  thats what i said. he was spying in the ladies room
dwight:  what do you think, phyllis? you think i followed you in there? like, “oh good. phyllis is going to the bathroom, so maybe i get to see her naked from the waist down.” im not even attracted to you
michael:  that is a good point
phyllis:  write him up or ill take it to jan
michael:  okay, all right, i will do that. i will get to that definitely. absolutely
phyllis:  when
michael:  oh, i dont know. maybe after i finish writing, producing, directing, and hosting your awards show. all right, just relax, keep your pants on. unless, of course, youre in the bathroom and you should be able to take your pants off in that case without creepsville central spying on you. good
phyllis:  all right
dwight: all right, lets wrap it up. come on, were late. the dundies are starting very soon. accounting, lets go, lets go. okay, i gave you fair warning.  out. whos next, customer service? meredith, lets roll
michael:  here we go.  and that.  hey. how you doing
michael:   you down with the dundies?
dwight:  yeah, you know me
michael:   you down with the dundies
dwight:  the dundies
michael:   you down with the dundies? youre all my homie
dwight:  you know me
michael:   you down with the dundies
dwight:  yeah, you know me
michael:   yeah, all the homie
michael:  i have listened to that song so many times and i still dont know what opp stands for. other peoples… something. i…
kevin:  so, pam, i wonder whos gonna get “longest engagement” this year
roy:  well. youre not goona get longest engagement, man, cause we got that locked up
kevin:  i wonder what ill get. i brought my fiance
michael:  all right, our next award… ah, yes, this award goes to the most creative writing on the ladies room wall, and the winner is… who is it? who wants to claim it? shiny dundie. who wrote it? great idea, dwight
toby:  im just saying i dont think its appropriate for you to have given ryan that award
michael:  hes hot, all right? what do you want me to do about it
toby:  okay, that is fine to feel, but not to act on
michael:   it was unanimous, toby
toby:  it wasnt a vote. you decided
michael:  well, okay, i based it on what i felt was unanimous office sentiment, and this isnt even about what ryan thinks. its about you. its about how you feel about the dundies. admit it
toby:  okay, that is not true
michael:  yes, it is true
toby:  ‘cause ryan asked me to talk to you
michael:  okay, i dont have time for this. i need to get on stage and you are breaking my concentration.  me chief michael scott. here to trade
dwight:  excuse me, goldschlager, extra flakes
waitress:  we dont have that. you want a presidente margarita? blue pacific margarita, el nino
dwight:  no, no. no margarita. hot sake
waitress: 
dwight:  fosters in the big can
waitress: 
dwight:  just a chocolate shake, chocolate sprinkles
dwight:  okay. no, no, no, no, no. lie still, lie still
pam:  i am fine
jim:  dwight, this is crazy
pam:  okay
dwight:  jim, not now! we need to cushion her head. lie still. please, pam. do not move
jim:  dwight, dwight
dwight:  im sorry
pam:   i am fine
dwight:  jim, dont interfere
manager:  you have to put your clothes back on. people are trying to eat
pam:  oh, my god
dwight:  can you give me a second, sir
manager:  no
pam:  dwight, let me up
manager:  put your clothes back on. get, get right now
dwight:  i am a sheriffs deputy
manager:  thats fine
dwight:  i could have my men in here in a second and have you arrested
jim:  the other volunteers
dwight:  pam, are you all right
pam:  im fine
manager:  sir, sir
dwight:  how many fingers am i holding up
pam:  youre holding up three fingers
dwight:  all right. are you okay
manager:  put your clothes on, right now
dwight:  i will. i will. you need to calm down
manager: right now
michael:  dont wanna forget that
manager:  you and your party really need to leave right now
michael:  absolutely. is this mine or is this chilis
manager:  you know what? dont worry about it
michael:  keep it. my gift.  thank you. have a good night. see you next year
manager:  thats fine
