jim:  hey
dwight:  hello. jim
jim:  whats up, buddy
dwight:  this is not funny. why is my stuff in here
jim:  wow, thats weird. oh, dollar for a stapler, thats pretty good
dwight:  yeah, well, im not paying for my own stuff, okay? i know you did this, because youre friends with the vending machine guy
jim:  who, steve
dwight:  yeah, steve, whatever his name is
pam:  sorry. what do i want? what do i want… oh, its a pencil cup
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no. thats my pencil cup
pam:  um, i dont think so, i just bought it
dwight:  uh, i think so, and youre going to hand it over to me
pam:  i love these
dwight:  okay, fine. wheres my wallet
jim:  oh, there it is. j1
dwight:  but i dont have any…
jim:  here, you know what? you can have some nickels
dwight:   five, ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five
michael:  hello, everyone
dwight:  good morning, michael
phyllis:  where are we going this afternoon
michael:  ah! ha ha ha
pam:  last week, michael sent out this mysterious memo
jim:  “its time for our first quarter camaraderie event, so pack a swimsuit, a toothbrush, rubber-soled shoes, and a ski mask.
pam:  a ski mask and a swimsuit
jim:  so that he can have us rob a bank, and then escape through the sewers
pam:  and brush our teeth
michael:  yeah
stanley:  michael
michael:  stanley! bo banley
stanley:  i need to know…
michael:  banana fana fo fanley
stanley:  what were doing
michael:  be my mo manley
stanley:  you said bring a toothbrush
michael:  stanley
stanley:  is this an overnight
michael:  maybe. the suspense is just so exciting, isnt it
stanley:  should my wife tell her boss shes not coming in tomorrow
michael:  maybe, i dont know
stanley:  not maybe. yes or no
michael:  well, no. but… okay, dont spoil it for everybody, all right? but we are going on a booze cruise on lake wallenpaupack
stanley:  in january
michael:  its cheaper
michael:  this is not just another party. this is a leadership training exercise. right? im going to combine elements of fun and motivation and education into a single mind-blowing experience
michael:  it is now time to unveil the destination of this years retreat. we are going on a harbor cruise of lake wallenpaupack. its a booze cruise
meredith:  all right
ryan:  i have a test for business school tomorrow night. is it okay if i skip the cruise and study for that
michael:  no. this is mandatory. but dont worry, you know what? youre gonna learn plenty. this is gonna turn your life around, ryan
ryan:  im already in business school
michael:  well, this…
kelly:  wait, michael
michael:  yeah
kelly:  why did you tell us to bring a bathing suit
michael:  to throw you off the scent
kelly:  yeah, but i bought a bathing suit
michael:  well, just keep the tags on and you can return it
kelly:  i took the tags off already
michael:  well, thats not my fault, okay? just.. were not going to pay for a bathing suit. okay, i know what youre all thinking, “who is this smart little cookie?” her name is brenda… something, and she is from corporate. and she is here, like you, to learn from what i have to say
michael:  i am a great motivational speaker. i attended a tony robbins event by the airport last year, and… it wasnt the actual course. you have to pay for the actual course. but it talked about the actual course. and ive incorporated a lot of his ideas into my own course
michael:  leader… ship. the word “ship” is hidden inside the word “leadership,” as its derivation. so if this office is, in fact, a ship, as its leader, i am the captain. but were all in the same boat. teamwork
oscar:  last year, michaels theme was “bowl over the competition!” so guess where we went
michael:  now, on this ship that is the office, what is a sales department? anyone
darryl:  how about the sales department is the sails
michael:  yes, darryl, the sales department makes sales. good. let me just explain. i see the sales department as the furnace
phyllis:  a furnace
jim:  yeesh, how old is this ship
pam:  how about the anchor
phyllis:  what does the furnace do
michael:  all right, lets not get hung up on the furnace. this just… its the sales… i see the sales department down there. theyre in the engine room, and they are shoveling coal into the furnace, right? i mean, who saw the movie titanic? they were very important in the movie titanic. who saw it? show of hands
jim:  im not really sure what movie youre talking about. are you sure you got the title right
michael:  titanic
pam:  i think youre thinking of the hunt for red october
michael:  no, im leo dicaprio! come on
jim:  michael stands in the front of the boat and says that hes king of the world within the first hour, or i give you my next paycheck
phyllis:  michael, everyone in the engine room drowned
michael:  no! thank you, spoiler alert. you saw the movie, those of you who did. theyre happy down there in the furnace room. and theyre dirty and grimy and sweaty, and theyre singing their ethnic songs, and… actually, that might be warehouse
darryl:  what
michael:  the… no, no. no, i didnt… okay. well, okay, in a nutshell, what im saying is… leadership. well talk more about that on the boat. ship
dwight:  aye aye, captain
michael:   a three-hour tour, a three-hour tour
michael:  pam, you are mary ann! we have the professor and ginger, welcome aboard. angela, you are mrs. howell. lovey.  uh… the native. sometimes they come from neighboring…  we have one of the globetrotters, i am the skipper, and dwight, you will be gilligan
dwight:  cool
captain jack:  actually, im the skipper. but you can be gilligan
michael:  id rather die. hi, i am michael scott, i am the captain of this party
captain jack:  i am captain jack, i am captain of the ship. im also captain of anyone who sets foot on the ship.  hi, welcome aboard
michael:  okay
michael:  in an office, when you are ranking people, manager is higher than captain. on a boat, who knows? its nebulose
michael:  hey, look! im king of the world
captain jack:  okay, all right! welcome aboard! i am your captain, captain jack
michael:  and i am the regional manager of dunder-mifflin, michael scott. welcome, welcome
captain jack:  okay! so…
michael:  okay! so…
captain jack:  please. the life preservers
michael:  right
captain jack:  they are located underneath the seats, all along the border of the boat
michael:  but dont worry, you are not going to be needing life preservers tonight
captain jack:  well, we might, okay? please let me finish, okay? thank you. so, the coast guard requires that i tell you where the safety exits are. on this ship, its very easy. anywhere over the side.  not only am i your ship captain, i am also your party captain! whoo! were gonna get it going in just a few minutes here…
michael:  im your party captain too! and you are gonna put on your dancing shoes later on! so we are gonna…
captain jack:  okay, michael, if you dont mind…
michael:  rock it
captain jack:  please, okay?
michael:  if the boats a-rockin, dont come knockin
captain jack:  michael
michael:  yep
captain jack:  your companys employees are not the only people on the boat tonight, okay
michael:  were all gonna have a good time tonight
captain jack:  why dont you let me and my crew do our job. you just sit back and have a good time. all right
michael:  hm? okay. yep
katy:  you guys, its like were in high school and were at the cool table. right
roy:  yeah
katy:  pam, were you a cheerleader
roy:  no, she was totally miss artsy-fartsy in high school. she wore the turtleneck and everything
katy:  thats hilarious
jim:  its not hilarious, but…
roy:  where did you go to school
katy:  bishop ohara
roy:  piss slop who cares-a? we played you! you… you really look familiar. did you… you cheered for them, didnt you
jim:  um, no
katy:  yes, i did!  a-w-e-s-o-m-e! awesome! awesome is what we are! were the football superstars! a-w-e-s-o-m-e
roy:  i remember that! we crushed you like 42-10
michael:  having fun
brenda:  yeah. everybodys really nice
michael:  good. well, that is what scranton is all about. not like you new yawkers
brenda:  when are you going to start the presentation
michael:  well, we already sort of started it back at the office and on the dock with the gilligan thing, so… right now, i was thinking. yes. okay, listen up all you dunder-mifflinites! i would like to talk to you all about life preservers. now, one important life preserver in business is it support
captain jack:  not now, mike, were doing the limbo! thats right, partiers, its time to limbo, limbo, limbo
michael:  so, okay
dwight:  limbo, whoo
captain jack:  all right! i need a volunteer to come up here and hold my stick. whos it gonna be
meredith:  me
captain jack:  okay…
dwight:  me! me, me, me
captain jack:  uh… usually its a woman
dwight:  im stronger
captain jack:  hey, i got an idea! how would you like to steer the ship, dwight
captain jack:  keep us on a steady course. keep a sharp eye out. im counting on you
dwight:  i was the youngest pilot in pan am history. when i was four, the pilot let me ride in the cockpit and fly the plane with him. and i was four. and i was great. and i would have landed it, but my dad wanted us to go back to our seats
captain jack:  all right, all right, that was great! now its time for the dance contest
michael:  but before that, i have to do my presentation
captain jack:  nope! dance contest
michael:  all right, well have a motivational dance contest! hit it! yeah, okay, dancing! it is a primal art form used in ancient times to express yourself with the body and communicate
michael:  sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss thats always trying to teach people things. sometimes you have to just be the boss of dancing
dwight:   what do you do with a drunken sailor? what do you do with a drunken sailor? what do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning
angela:  hey, come inside and talk to me
dwight:  i cant. do you want us to run aground, woman?
darryl and katy:   snorkel shot! snorkel shot
roy:  whoo! whos next? come on, pam! come on! come on
pam:  no, im not going to do that
roy:  come on
darryl:  thats what im talking about
pam:  hey, why dont we find like a quieter place to hang out
roy:  ive just gotta wait for darryl to do his shot. just a minute. come on!  darryl! darryl
pam:  its getting kind of rowdy down there
jim:  yeah.  darryl! darryl! darryl
pam:  sometimes i just dont get roy
jim:  well…
pam:  i mean, i dont know. so… whats it like dating a cheerleader
jim:  oh, um…
pam:  im cold
captain jack:  so, whats this presentation all about
michael:  ah! see, this is of general interest. it is about priorities and making decisions, using the boat as an analogy. what is important to you? if the boat is sinking, what do you save
captain jack:  women and children
michael:  no, no. salesmen and profit centers
captain jack:  thats a stupid analogy
michael:  okay, well, obviously you dont know anything about leadership
captain jack:  well, i was the captain of a pc-1 cyclone coastal patrol boat during desert storm
dwight:  wow. you should be the motivational speaker
michael:  okay
dwight:  yeah. he gives me real responsibility, michael. captain jack delegates. hes let me steer the ship for the last hour
katy:  id like to be engaged. how did you manage to pull that off
pam:  uh, ive been engaged for three years, and theres no end in sight. so… you dont wanna ask my advice
captain jack:  suppose your office buildings on fire. jim, who would you save
jim:  um… lets see, uh…the customer. because the customer is king
michael:  not what i was looking for, but a good thought
captain jack:  hes just sucking up!
roy:  when you were in the navy, did you ever almost die
captain jack:  oh yeah, oh yeah. and i wasnt thinking about some customer. i was thinking about my first wife. the day i got back on shore, i married her
jim:  you know what? i would save the receptionist. i just wanted to clear that up
roy:  hello, everybody, could i have your attention for just a second? could you listen to me for a second? we were up at the front, and we were talking about whats really important, and… pam, i think enough is enough. i think we should set a date for our wedding. how about june 10th? come on, lets do it! come on, pam
michael:  i dont want to take credit for this, but roy and i were just having a conversation about making commitments and making choices. right? did i motivate you
roy:  no, it was captain jack
michael:  well… could have been either one of us, because we were pretty much saying the same thing.congratulations. that is great
captain jack:  we gotta celebrate! hey, i got an idea, i got an idea. i can marry you right now, as captain of the ship
michael:  yes! i can marry you as regional manager of dunder-mifflin
pam:  no, no, i want my mom and dad to be there
michael:  then ill give you away
pam:  no, thank you
katy:  do you think thatll ever be us
jim:  no
katy:  what is wrong with you? why did you even bring me here tonight
jim:  i dont know. lets break up
katy:  whoa. what
captain jack:  this is where captain jack drives the boat
meredith:  wow
dwight:  seasick? captain jack says you should look at the moon
michael:  captain jack is a fart face. im on medication
brenda:  really? what
michael:  vomicillin. okay. all right. its time to be boss. its time to motivate. lets blow some minds here. okay, guys, guys, cool it. everybody, dunder-mifflin scranton employees, brenda, i have some very, very urgent news i need to tell everybody right now. listen up. the ship is sinking! okay? were going down, right now. just wrap your heads around the reality of that. shh, please! everybody, its my turn now, okay? captain jack is gone. in five minutes, this ship is going to be at the bottom of the lake! and there arent enough spaces on the lifeboat! who are we gonna save? do we save sales? do we save customer service? do we save accounting? this is a business scenario. right? its a scary… its a…
captain jack:  hey! hey! what the hell is going on here
michael:  its a predicament, and its something that each and every one of us has to think about
michael:  im in the brig. see? the boats not as corporate-friendly as advertised. what was the deal with the guy jumping overboard? what was… if he had just waited and heard what i had to say, he would be motivated right now and not all wet
michael:  is somebody there
jim:  what happened to you
michael:  captain jack has a problem with authority
jim:  oh, right, because you announced that his ship was sinking
michael:  he just totally lost it. if you ask me, he caused the panic
jim:  what a night
michael:  well, its nice for you. your friend got engaged
jim:  she was always engaged
michael:  roy said the first one didnt count
jim:  thats… great. you know, to tell the truth, i used to have a big thing for pam, so…
michael:  really? youre kidding me. you and pam? wow. i would have never have put you two together. you really hid it well. god! i usually have a radar for stuff like that. you know, i made out with jan…
jim:  yeah, i know
michael:  yeah? yep. well, pam is cute
jim:  yeah. shes really funny, and shes warm. and shes just… well, anyway
michael:  well, if you like her so much, dont give up
jim:  shes engaged
michael:  bfd. engaged aint married
jim:  huh
michael:  never, ever, ever give up
dwight:  dont worry, michael. im taking us to shore
michael:  its a fake wheel, dummy
phyllis:  are you all packed
kelly:  yes, i brought my duffel bag and a sleeping bag
oscar:  where do you guys think were going
kelly:  definitely some place you can swim
oscar: right
phyllis:  maybe florida
kelly:  did you hear something
michael:   yeah
jan:  hello, michael
michael:  hello.
jan:  can we come in
michael:  of course, yeah, yeah, yeah
jan:  thank you very much
michael: have a seat
jan:  brenda
michael:  oh, every mans dream
jan:  oh, really? a surprise visit from his boss
michael:  two ladies at once. what? why are you looking at me like that? okay, you heard something. um, yeah, its a booze cruise, but it… theres more to the story than that. it
jan:  a booze cruise? what do you mean
michael:  leadership off-site. uh, booze cruise is just a rhyme
jan:  michael, we discussed the irss regulations
michael:  yeah, i dont even know why i said booze cruise. i dont even think theres booze on the boat
jan:  okay, this event has to have legitimate business content to be tax deductible
michael:  of course
jan:  we discussed that
michael:  of course, of course. yes. yes. look, i have a whole program planned. jan, this program is going to change peoples lives. i am going to be dropping serious knowledge all over the boat
jan:  good. this is brenda matlow from corporate training
michael:  hello
jan:  i thought she could attend tonight, and if your event is appropriate, you could give it to other branches
michael:  oh, cool. cool. and maybe you could attend tonight and then you could stay over at my house for the night. awkward. thats… you know what. brenda, could jan and i have a moment alone
brenda:  jan said if you asked me that i was supposed to say no
michael:  really? you seriously said that? okay. brenda, could jan and i have a moment alone
brenda:  sure
jan:  brenda
michael:  thanks
brenda:  i mean, no
jan:  okay, you know, im gonna go now, and
michael:  oh, okay
jan:  good luck, brenda
michael:  ill see you later
jan:  okay, see you later. and try to be professional
michael:  ill call you later
jan:  no, thats all right
michael:  thats like
jan:  you call me if you need anything, brenda
michael:  ill call you, too.  so. you are probably gonna get carded, so i can make you a fake id. we have a laminating machine
michael:  what is a sales department? oscar, what do you think
oscar:  i dont know what the categories are of workers on a boat
michael:  im not giving you the answer. deck hands is one. and
dwight:  oh, oh, can i be the first mate
michael:  no, im first mate. youre second mate. im first mate, as the captain
pam:  how about the anchor
michael:  well, the anchor is the only thing that kind of slows the ship down. toby is the anchor. oh, god. he, well…  tell you about toby later, hes awful
brenda:  yeah, i know toby from jans birthday
toby:  hey, brenda.
michael:  oh, hey, toby. so… its an analogy
michael:   hey! whats wrong with you? you missed the boat
toby:  i got lost
michael:  idiot
captain jack:  we can go back
michael:  no, no, no. thats his punishment for not being here on time. too bad, anchor
toby:  i guess i shouldnt have stopped for dinner
dwight:  on the high seas, captain jack is the leader. on the land its michael. on the ramp up to the boat, i was a bit conflicted. but now that im here, ill follow captain jack to hell and back
dwight:  hey, captain jack, what kind of fish they got in this lake
captain jack:  perch, bass
dwight:  you know, my grandfather told me there was a monster here that eats catholics. have you heard
captain jack:  i havent heard that, dwight
dwight:  if the hull is breached for any reason or the boat is overtaken, i am a volunteer sheriffs deputy, and you can count on me
captain jack:  thats good to know, dwight. thanks
michael:  your problem now, captain jack
michael:  hey. you know what the best way of studying is
ryan:  at home, not on a boat
michael:  flash cards
ryan:  flash cards. doesnt really help me right now because im on a boat
michael:  you are gonna get seasick if you keep reading in here
ryan:  well
captain jack:  yeah! all right. all right. that was awesome. all right, looks like the guitar players gonna take a little break. so thisd be a great time to head on over to the taco bar. all right
michael:  that is a great way to kill this party. not on my watch. lets, uh,… lets rock. lets rock some stuff here, okay?  okay… im hearing a little too much reverb.  can we down the reverb? all right. follow my lead.  does you guys know that? take the bass. take the drums. what
creed:  do you want me to give it a shot? just
michael:  you know what? i dont think its in
creed:  i
michael:  thats not in tune. i dont know if you can
creed:  i dont know, lets try
michael:  …make much of out of it, creed. good luck to you. i dont know. it is a defective ax, my friend.
creed:  all right
michael:  good luck
creed:  guys, e, blues. follow me, okay?
roy:  yeah
creed:  back in the 60s, i was with the grass roots. we toured with janis joplin, the doors, cream. we had a lot of fun, and now i do quality assurance for a paper company. as you can imagine, drugs played a part. they still do. my work calls last about 90 seconds, and thats about as long as i can concentrate
michael:  those slide moves are just bush league. i hope i die before im old
ryan: 
darryl:   por favor, tequila seoor
angela:  i think youve had enough
darryl:  what you say, bitch? you know, you might be right
pam:  youve been to the lake before
roy:  yes, i have.
roy:  should have done it a long time ago
pam:  yes, you should have
roy:  i do whats right whenever i figure it out. i love you, babe
pam:  love you
katy:  you should make a toast
jim:  no, i really dont want to
katy:  jim, come on, dont be shy
katy:  everybody, everybody? there is a toast. come on
michael:  yeah! toast
katy:  yeah, toast! toast! toast
pam:  yeah
roy:  come on
jim:  thanks, katy. um, didnt really prepare anything to say. were all caught pretty unprepared with this whirlwind courtship. i guess i just wanna say that pam is the greatest. my best friend. and shes awesome. and
dwight:  okay, okay. my turn, my turn. is this thing on? uh, i want to congratulate the happy couple. you know, they say that marriage is an institution. and i say, who wants to be in an institution
michael:  thats my line! thats my line, thats… i always say that at weddings. so ill just think of something else to say. i…
katy:  cheers
michael:  hey, jim. you got a hat
jim:  yeah
michael:  thanks
phyllis:   so this is
stanley:   well, were not going to florida
phyllis:  oh. someplace with a pool, then
stanley: 
