pam:  i really like valentines day in this office. its kinda like grade school. everybody gives out little presents and stuff. like last year, jim gave me this card, with dwights head on it, it was horrifying and funny and
pam:   phyllis
delivery man:  would you sign here?
pam:  roy and i are saving for the wedding, so i made him promise not to get me anything too big
meredith:  “happy valentines day darling. love bob vance, vance refrigeration.
phyllis:  isnt he sweet
meredith:  yeah. wow
michael:  alright dwight, as you know i am heading to new york today.  doing a presentation on the branch to the new cfo
dwight:  and you want me to come with you
michael:  nope. the opposite of that.
dwight:  i will stay here and run things on this end
michael:  ok, good
dwight:  question. will you be seeing jan when youre in new york
michael:  i probably will, why do you ask
dwight:  well… its valentines day, and you guys, you know…
michael:  yeah
dwight:  screwed
michael:  
michael:  this is a business trip. i would have to be a raving lunatic to try to talk to jan about what happened between us. her words, not mine. she sent me an email this morning. but, it is valentines day. its new york. city of love
michael:  hey, pam. you heart n.y., right? you want me to pick you up anything?
pam:  thats ok.
michael:  alright
oscar:  the best present would be, you do a good job in front of the new cfo.
michael:  dude, im gonna nail it. me in new york? oh, i own that city. fuggedaboudit! see ya
michael:  well here we go. on our way to new york. new york, new york. city so nice they named it twice. manhattan is the other name
jim:  so i broke up with katy and havent been dating anybody else, so this year i dont have to worry about valentines day. its gonna be good. i invited a couple of friends over. were gonna play some cards and ill end up winning a lotta money. because, theyre idiots. its gonna be great
dwight:  whats this? what is this?
jim:  i dunno, its on 
dwight:  yeah, but who put it here? and for what purpose
jim:  it was there when i sat down.
dwight:   happy valentines day.  its me. im the bobble head. yes!  ahh
michael:  the meeting isnt til three, but i always like to come to new york little bit early and hit some of my favorite hunts, like right here, is my favorite new york pizza joint. and im gonna go get me a new york slice.
jim:  hey kelly. whats up
kelly:  nothing. oh except, oh my god jim. last night, ryan and i totally, finally hooked up. it was awesome
jim:  oh, thats great. im really happy for
kelly:  and it was so funny cause we were at this bar with his friends and i was sitting next to him the whole night and he wasnt making a move, so in my head i was like “ryan, whats taking you so long?” and then he kissed me. and i didnt know what to say.
jim:  wow
kelly:  so i said, “ryan, what took you so long?” and i just said that to him, can you believe that?
jim:  wow
kelly:  oh my god, jim, is that embarrassing? im embarrassed.
jim:  no, dont be
kelly:  oh, thank god, because i was nervous, jim, you will not believe
jim:  i bet
kelly:  so nervous, but now — now i have a boyfriend.
jim:  alright.
ryan:   i hooked up with her on february 13th
michael:  here it is, heart of new york city, times square. named for the good times you have when youre in it. most people when they come to new york, they go straight to the empire state building, thats pretty touristy. i come here. great places to eat.  we have bubba gump shrimp, red lobster down there. ya know. this is, this is the heart of civilization, right here
kevin:  woah.
pam:  guess what?
phyllis:  really, oh, theyre from bob again.
pam:  thats great.
michael:  everybody takes the subway in new york. its fast, its efficient, gets you there on time. its a way to  okay, theres a guy pooping in a cardboard box down there
michael:  this is the world famous rockefeller center. founded, of course by theodore rockefeller. this is a skating rink and i think the rangers practice there sometimes and its, thats tina fey . thats tina fey from saturday night live. hello? hello, hi?  oh, im sorry, i thought you were , ok, i thought that was. she, she looked a lot like tina fey.  hello, hello, i thought that was tina fey, but it wasnt. so… are you serious? he was here? when, when i was talking to the fake tina fey? come on! and are you, argh
dwight:  hello angela. did you hear, somebody rocked the house and got me the best present ive ever gotten
angela:  really? i wouldnt know anything about that, but im glad you enjoyed it
dwight:  oh i did. i did.
angela:  i didnt get anything for valentines day
dwight:  oh, i bet you will before the day is over.
angela:  really? well, i hope i do
michael:  i would love to live in new york someday. its a big dream of mine. work for corporate, with jan. itd be awesome. go to broadway shows, eat hot dogs. scranton is great, but new york, is like scranton on acid, no on speed, no on steroids.  ok, umm, i think, thats either the hudson or the east, so were back,should be back this way. theres a lotta pressure on me right now. its like michael jordan, in the nba finals. or, like stormin norman schwarzkopf, and this presentation is desert storm and as soon as its over, we will not have to deal with those iraqis anymore. lets do it
jim:   nah thats alright. spend money on her, instead of giving it to us. thats fine. no, i didnt even have a seat for you anyway. yeah, hahaha, alright man, have a good night. bye
kevin:  woah, woah
delivery man:  phyllis lapin.
pam:  oh, holy god
delivery man:  its from bob
kevin:  man, that things bigger than i am.
delivery man:  no, its not
kevin:  oh zip it
michael:  there they are. whats up? hey hey
craig:  hey
josh:  michael scott. 
michael:  josh porter, high five.  bam
josh:  you know dan gore from buffalo.
michael:  yeah, how ya doing? nobody needs to introduce this guy. craiggers.
craig:  whats up buddy
michael:  you have been kicked out of every strip club in albany, is that true
craig:  guilty, yeah
michael:  so whats going on? what i miss
josh:  not much, theyre uh, i guess running late upstairs, so were just waiting for the presentations
michael:  cool. good, good, good. give us some time to catch up, and…
dwight:  pam. hi, how ya doing? good. listen, uh may i speak with you… privately?
pam:  you cant fire me, dwight, just cause michaels not here
dwight:  no, pam, just. just,
pam:  you need to get something for your girlfriend
dwight:   girlfriend. yes, and the reason i didnt get anything for this particular person – who shall remain nameless – is that shes not really the kind of person youd think would be into valentines day. shes kind of…
pam:  tightly wound
dwight:  (smirking) exactly.
pam:  ok, well, sometimes the gift is really about the gesture, you know, like what it means, instead of what it is.
dwight:  you mean, like a ham?
pam:  no, not like a ham. its about doing something, so that the person knows that you really care about her.
dwight:  ok, i get it
pam:  that you remember her
dwight:  ok, shut up. i know exactly what to do.
josh:  what about you, craig, you lose anyone
craig:  oh man, jan, called me in september and said “you gotta fire four people,” and i was just like, “what?” ya know
josh:  did you
craig:  no, i just ignored her. shes the worse
josh:  she is our boss.
craig:  she aint my boss dude. i dont work for that bitch
michael:  ay, kay. come on, you know, thats not. cool it
craig:  what? you like jan? how can you 
michael:  maybe because shes my girlfriend.  was, or not my girlfriend. shes… we hooked up and
josh:  you hooked up with jan?
michael:  you know, months ago, just once, its, just stupid. just forget it,
josh:  yeah, lets change the subject.
michael:  yeah, yeah
kelly:  i dont know what hes thinking, but i would just be so psyched if we just dated forever
jim:  take it slow. ‘cause it seems like a lot of the time things like that need…
ryan:  soda.
kelly:   cool. hey, so… do you want to… do something tonight? or
jim:   oh, no, not while im here
kelly:  i mean, i know its valentines day, or whatever, but theres totally no pressure at all, of any kind. what so ever. so…
ryan:  i cant tonight. i have plans with my friends
kelly:  ok, thats cool. i completely understand
ryan:  cool. cool. ok
jan:  josh porter, stamford.
david:  david
josh:  nice to meet you
jan:  and michael scott, scranton.
david:  nice to meet you.
michael:  ditto.  how are you jan
jan:  fine michael. thank you.
david:  ok. so we are in the process of doing a complete review of the companys financial strengths. all id like to do today is to
jan:  nervous, no im not nervous. well, i guess id be lying if i didnt say i was a little nervous. umm, the new cfo is judging me on this too, and well, it is michael, so. yeah, im very nervous
josh:  so with the twelve new local accounts, we had a total of four percent organic growth, which was just above our pre-year targets.
david:  thanks very much.
josh:  thank you
david:  ok, michael.
michael:  what is a business? is it a collection of numbers and sales reports? sure. but as you know, david and jan, it is much more.
michael: life moves a little slower in scranton, pennsylvania. and thats the way we like it. because at dunder mifflin scranton, were not just in the paper business, were in the people business. lets meet some of the folks that make the scranton branch so special.this is stanley hudson, one of our talented salesman. an african-american father of two, stanleys dedication is no doubt one of the hallmarks of the foundation of the business were hoping to build our bases on
michael:  yeah, i shot a bunch of footage around the office, edited it together on my mac. i was thinking of entering it into some festivals. probably wont. you know, not what this is about
michael: and finally, pam beesly. look at her. look how cute. not bad at all. as the receptionist, pam is truly the gateway to our world. well, i hope this gave you a little taste of what life is like here at dunder mifflin, scranton. what its like to walk a mile in oscars shoes. or try on phyllis pants.maybe even one of angelas famous brownies. and youll know, that youre home.
michael:  questions
david:  wow. ok, ok, thank you michael, that was great
michael:  yes, thank you
david:  but, for right now what, i would really like to know about is the branchs performance, so do you have that information as well?
michael:  yes, absolutely david. get that for you. i umm…
delivery man:   can you sign
pam:  yeah
pam:   oscar
angela:  nothing for me
pam:   join the club
kevin:  whose it from?
oscar:  my mom.
kelly:  its frustrating, because wed be so perfect together.
jim:  you know what? heres the deal, kelly. it would be really nice if he was in to you, right? itd be great, but he isnt.
kelly:  yeah, it would be so great if he was
jim:  well, hes not, though. so you just gotta suck it up. you just gotta move on. try to have some fun. come to my poker game tonight
kelly:  okay, cool. is it okay if i invite ryan?
dan:  and that about does it, thank you.
jan:  ok.  craig
craig:  yeah. heres the deal. i did not understand this was supposed to be a full on… like report or whatnot
jan:  um, im sorry, what did you think financial presentation meant
craig:  i was under the impression this was, more of like… a meet and greet type deal.
david:  so, does that mean you dont have the numbers on your branch?
craig:  that is correct, yes
jan:  craig, you realize that were trying to decide whether if drastic steps need to be taken
craig:  look, im sorry, i didnt know
jan:  well, the point is, is that doesnt exactly bode well for your branch.
craig:  oh man, you know what? michael made that stupid movie, he doesnt get into any trouble? maybe i should have slept with you, too.
michael:  oh, ok. alright
jan:  no, no im not, im not, i just… i just dont know what to do anymore, michael. i mean, were all gonna get fired
michael:  no youre not
jan:  yeah, michael – the cfo thinks that we slept together. do you understand, people get fired for much less? and i just  cant believe that you told everybody and we didnt even sleep together
michael:  technically, we fell asleep in the same bed. so
jan:  oh, god. michael. it was months ago. it was once, its over. do you understand
michael:  yes. im sorry. i will fix this. ill talk to him. ill talk to david
jan:  surely, you cannot be serious?
michael:  i am serious. and dont call me shirley. airplane
dwight:  women are like wolves. if you want a wolf, you have to trap it. you have to snare it. and then you have to tame it. keep it happy. care for it. feed it. lovingly, the way an animal deserves to be loved. and my animal deserves a lot of loving
roy:  hey babe
pam:  hey.
roy:  you almost ready to go
pam:  i guess, yeah
roy:  whats wrong
pam:  nothing, its just i had to sit here all day, while phyllis got like an entire garden delivered to her.
roy:  what, youre mad at me
pam:  i mean, i know that we said no big gifts, but i was kind of hoping youd get me 
roy:  well, valentines day isnt over. lets get you home and you are gonna get the best sex of you life
david:  you understand this is a very serious situation
michael:  no no no no no, yes i, ok, well, alright, heres the deal. its my fault. this is, this is totally on me. before you guys came in, i was talking to the guys. we were all chatting and i made a joke, a really dumb joke and craig the idiot took it seriously.
david:  you made a joke
michael:  i did, it was stupid. and craig, you saw him, hes not the sharpest tool in the shed. although he is a tool.
david:  well i dont need to explain to you that even a joke about sexual relations with your boss…
michael:  i know. it was borderline at best and… and jan is a fantastic executive and has all the integrity in the world and um, im really sorry. it will never happen again.
jan:  uh, thats fine. lets just forget it
david:  good.
pam:  heading out
jim:  yeah. alright, beesly, hey, happy valentines day.
pam:  bye.
phyllis:  goodnight pam.
pam:  night phyllis
jan:  oh, michael. thank you again for that, really. it was very nice
michael:  oh, no big deal. really. sorry again.
jan:  oh, no, its ok.  so, uh, happy valentines day
michael:  yeah, happy valentines day.
jan:  oh
michael:  oy vey… schmear.
michael:  everybody, hello, can i have your attention, please? since its valentines day, theres something that i wanted to say. i love the women of this office. pam, i love you
pam:  michaels got a few tricks for valentines day. he found a place where you can get 12 plastic roses for $10 and hes got a great line. “me so thorny.
michael:  i love you, angela. yes, even you. i love you, kelly. i love you, meredith. this is all platonically, of course
michael:  i love ladies, always have. and you know what i think is the most attractive part of a womans body? the brains. because i dont think a woman is beautiful unless she is smart. and also, the brains are where the ladies get their best nasty ideas for bedroom stuff
pam:  you have any big valentines day plans, kev
kevin:  not really, my fiance is out of town
pam:  where is she
kevin:  im not sure. arizona? sometimes she doesnt tell me
pam:  cool
michael:  thats a lot of noodles. how much sodium do you think is in that cup? this place used to be full of hookers and porn shops and its not that way anymore. theres an old building. that one hasnt been torn down yet, but they will. theyll get to it
oscar:  happy valentines day, meredith
meredith:  thanks
creed:  okay, you take it easy, ace
oscar:  here you go, creed
creed:  hey, thanks, ace
creed:  im not good with names
michael:  this is where its all happening. we got tgi fridays. im in the picture! sometimes i just jump into peoples pictures. lot of people have their picture taken. its kind of a new yorker thing. you jump in on a tourists picture and kind of ruin it. theres an energy to new york that you just feel. um, everybody… dont get hit. everybody is kind of together and everybody hates each other, but loves each other at the same time. screw off! people just yell at each other in new york, and its great
phyllis:  im gonna go call bob
pam:  im gonna spend it with my fiance
pam:  what are you guys doing
pam:  nice
dwight:  okay, okay. thats enough
phyllis:  hey
dwight:  come on, break this up
receptionist:  yes, sure. mr. scott, you can head to the conference room. the other managers are already there
michael:  great. thank you
receptionist:  all right
michael:  okay, heres the thing about jan. she talks such a big game about, “oh theres nothing between us and stop talking about it.” and “border-line harassment when you call me at home.” but let me ask you this, is it just a coincidence that this meeting is taking place on valentines day? answer, maybe, but maybe not. we shall see
dwight:  how do you spell “animalian”
jim:  animalian
dwight:  yes
jim:  why
dwight:  none of your business. im writing something
jim:  youre writing something
dwight:  forget it. ill look it up myself
jim:  okay
dwight:  no, you know what? you do it
jim:  no, im not gonna do that
dwight:  uh, yes, im in charge. you have to. look it up
jim:  but i know how to spell it
dwight:  so tell me
jim:  only if you tell me what youre writing
dwight:  forget it. ill do it. but youre getting written up
jim:  so now youre writing two things
jim:  dwight lives on a beet farm and he practices karate at the forth grade level. and he apparently has a girlfriend, so… i guess there really is someone for everybody
kevin:   hi, this is kevin. stacy? happy valentines day. yeah. oh, awesome. okay. yeah, ill be leaving here soon. cool. i love you, too. okay, ‘bye. stacys back
oscar:  thats great, man
devon:  hey scott. hey. hey! hey! come here! come here! i want to talk to you. come here
michael:  you know what? it was nice to see devon again. to sort of get closure on that whole thing
