dwight:  go. get the door
michael:  here we are
dwight:  go. push
michael:  oh god
dwight:  push!
michael:  no, no, turn it around
dwight:  really shove it
michael:  youll break it
dwight:  shove it through! break it
michael:  you shove it. shove it back! here we go. dont break the branches, dwight
michael:  all right
dwight:  i got a splinter
michael:  well, suck it up. we all have problems. hey, everybody, look what we have!  nice, huh
dwight:  ive got it leveraged. push. straight up
michael:  on three. ready? big, one, two, three
dwight:  one, two, three.
michael:  merry christmas
michael:  did it work
kevin:   well, sort of. why did you get it so big
michael:  a, thats what she said, and b, i wanted it to be impressive. the biggest day of the year deserves the biggest tree of the year
kevin:  but what are we going to do with this hacked off part
michael:  well, that is a perfectly good mini-tree, kevin. and we are going to sell that to charity. thats what christmas is all about
jim:  so this year, for the first time ever, i got pam in secret santa. and i got her this teapot, which i know she really wants, so she can make tea at her desk. but im also going to stuff it with some inside jokes. like, this is my high school yearbook photo. she saw it at the party, and it really makes her laugh. not sure why. what else .. ooh. this is a hot sauce packet. she put this on a hot dog a couple years ago because she thought it was ketchup. and it was really funny, so i kept the other two.  this would take a little too long to explain, so i wont. and this is the card. because christmas is the time to tell people how you feel
angela:  is there anything were missing? phyllis, you got the lights
phyllis:  yes, i got those cute little ones.  do you think i should have gotten the big ones
angela:  well see
ryan:  angela drafted me into the party planning committee. her memo said that we need to prepare for every possible disaster. which to me seems excessive
michael:  merry christmas! ho, ho, ho,  pimp. im kidding. what do we got, what do we got? how many plates are we getting
angela:  fifty
michael:  double it. double everything. double ice cream. double napkins. double it. on me
michael:  it was a tough year. i had to fire somebody this year. this party has to really rock. check it out. christmas bonus. 3,000 gs. i got this for helping save the company money. so i guess some good came out of firing devon after all. maybe i should call him and tell him that
michael:  i want people to cut loose. i want people making out in closets. i want people hanging from the ceilings, lamp shades on the heads. i want it to be a playboy mansion party. and also, i want you to spread the word that i will have my digital camera. and ill be taking pictures all along the way. and the best and craziest thing that happens will be on the cover of the newsletter. incentive
pam:  you do realize that we cant serve liquor at the party
michael:  yeah, i know. damn it. stupid corporate wet blankets. like booze ever killed anybody
dwight:  you guys should use a hand truck
kevin:  do we have one
dwight:  no
angela:   will you help me
michael:  no! no way! it… no
darryl:  come on, mike, let me borrow the hat for just a couple of hours
michael:  you wanna be santa
darryl:  yeah
michael:  have you ever seen santa
darryl:  yeah, ive seen santa
michael:  okay
darryl:  who cares
michael:  well, im sorry. it just doesnt work
dwight:  michael, i would like to be the elf
michael:  that makes sense because he has elfish features
dwight:   okay, everybody listen up! it is time to get your presents, wrap them, and place them under the tree like so. if you do not get your present wrapped and under the tree within the next five minutes you will be disqualified from secret santa. all right? no exceptions except michael
toby:  i got angela. she is into these posters of babies dressed as adults. i got her one of those. i felt kind of weird buying that
oscar:  i got creed. and to tell you the truth, i dont know anything about creed. i know his names creed. i know he works right over there. i think hes irish and i .. i got him this shamrock keychain
kevin:  i got myself for secret santa. i was supposed to tell somebody, but i didnt 
michael:  you get something good this year
jim:  i think i did a pretty good job
michael:  yeah? who did you have
jim:  well, i cant tell you cause its a secret.
michael:  i think i got something pretty nice for my guy
jim:  yeah
michael:  i spent a lot of dough. lot of dough. wow
jim:  well, theres a $20 limit, right? so .. 
michael:  yeah. i wanted this party to be really special so i sorta went above and beyond
jim:  thats great. well dont tell me who it is, cause i can ..
michael:  it was ryan. yeah. i have ryan
dwight:  gather round. secret santa, lets go. lets go. come on. stanley, no, im going to handle the cord. okay, safety reasons
stanley:  i know how to plug something in
dwight:  i want to do it
michael:  all right, lets count it down, like rockefeller center. ready
all:  three, two, one.
michael:  not great
phyllis:  im sorry, everybody
pam:  i think the tree looks nice
dwight:  hey, i could get some flares from my car
michael:  no, no. shake it off, everybody. just, lets do secret santa
michael:  presents are the best way to show someone how much you care. its like this tangible thing that you can point to and say, “hey, man, i love you this many dollars worth.
dwight:  first present, oscar.
oscar:   shower radio. neat.
kelly:  oh, good, that was from me
oscar:  thanks, kelly. you know i was gonna get one of ..
dwight:  okay. okay. thats enough. lets keep it moving on. jim
jim:  oh, cool.
creed:  thats from me
jim:  great. where did you get it
creed:  i dont know. it was so long ago
jim:  he obviously forgot to get me something, and then he went in his closet and dug out this little number  and then threw it in a bag
creed:  yep. thats exactly what happened
dwight:  pam
pam:   oh, my god! thank you very much, santa, whoever you are. its awesome
jim:  theres a little more to it
dwight:  all right, next. ryan.
michael:  no, dont
ryan:   whoa, a video ipod
michael:  whoa. wow. jeez. somebody really got carried away with the spirit of christmas. that was me, i got a little carried away
ryan:  wasnt there a $20 limit on the gift? this is 400 bucks
michael:  you dont know that
ryan:  yeah, you left the price tag on
michael:  i did
ryan:  yeah
michael:  what? oh, shoot. wow. okay, well, who cares? it doesnt matter what i spent. what matters is that christmas is fun, right
dwight:  michael
michael:  oh hey, for me. what is in here?  oh, come on
phyllis:  i knitted it for you
michael:  an oven mitt? okay.
michael:  so phyllis is basically saying, “hey michael, i know you did a lot to help the office this year but i only care about you a homemade oven mitts worth.” i gave ryan an ipod
kevin:  should we just keep opening up the presents
dwight:  we dont do anything until michael gives us further instructions
michael:  i got it! we are going to turn secret santa into yankee swap
jim:  what is yankee swap
michael:  one person chooses a gift. the next person can either choose a gift or steal that persons gift. if your gift gets stolen, then you can steal somebody elses gift or choose a new gift
jim:  i thought that was called nasty christmas
pam:  yeah, we call it white elephant
michael:  well, i call it fun
oscar:  why are we doing this
michael:  because its better. because its more special
angela:  it sounds mean
michael:  shut it. no, its not. okay, just give it a shot
angela:  michael should have asked the party planning committee first. hes not supposed to just spring things on us out of nowhere.
michael:  okay, meredith is up first. heres the deal. you can either pick a new gift or you can steal somebody elses gift that theyve already gotten, like the oven mitt
meredith:  ill take the teapot
jim:  oh, shouldnt we … i bought that specifically for pam
michael:  yankee swap! thats what makes it fun. pam, you can steal the oven mitt now
pam:  ill take the ipod
ryan:  and i have to give it to her? i dont have a choice
dwight:  yes, now you can steal the oven mitt, the old shirt or the shower radio or pick a new gift
stanley:   that was meant for kelly
ryan:  yeah, i figured
michael:  i think this is going great
kelly:   yikes
toby:  well, its for angela, so ..
kelly:  thats like, the creepiest thing that ive ever seen
dwight:  angela, youre up
angela:  ill take the poster. some people like these
kelly:  i will steal the ipod
michael:  everyone wants the ipod. its a huge hit. it is almost a christmas miracle
michael:  oh, well, oscar, you little gourmand, you have the next turn
oscar:  ill take the … teapot
meredith:  damn it
dwight:  okay, moving along. meredith, lets go
meredith:  i really want the ipod
dwight:  its already been stolen this round. pick something else
michael:   i hope nobody takes this baby, cause this is great. wow, look at that fine craftsmanship. somebody really put a lot of work into that. its beautiful
meredith:  ill take the oven mitt
michael:  sucker! see, i wanted somebody to take it. boom! reverse psychology
michael:  reverse psychology is an awesome tool. i dont know if you guys know about it, but basically you make someone think the opposite of what you believe and that tricks them into doing something stupid. works like a charm
michael:   “in addition to these paintball pellets, your gift includes two paintball lessons with dwight schrute.
dwight:  you and me, michael. yes
michael:  who wants to take paintball lessons? how is that better than an ipod
dwight:  i never said it was better than an ipod
dwight:  michael keeps bragging about his ipod, but you know what? two paintball lessons with someone as experienced as i am is worth easily, like, 2 grand
dwight:   take that, saddam
michael:  last gift. kevin
kevin:  i want the foot bath
kevin:  thats the thing i bought myself. im really psyched to use it.  maybe i should have taken the ipod. oh, shoot
dwight:  pam, steal something or pick the final gift
pam:  i want the ipod
kelly:  damn it
jim:  sure you dont want the teapot
pam:  well, i mean, its an ipod. but ..
jim:  right
pam:  sorry, i ..
jim:  no. no. definitely. its ..
kelly:  okay, well, i guess i will take that book of short stories
dwight:  yes! there you go. i want the teapot. gracias
jim:  got to be kidding me
dwight:  yankee swap is like machiavelli meets … christmas
michael:   what is she so upset about
pam:  maybe because you hated her present so much
michael:  come on! i think that yankee swap was a big hit! i think its a success and im the one who ended up with dwights stupid paintball pellets
jim:  yeah, but, michael, the point is that we all bought gifts for specific people
stanley:  and you should have just bought a $20 gift like everyone else
michael:  well, i didnt. i got a big bonus because i fired devon, and i used the money to buy something awesome. sue me
oscar:  you got a bonus check
pam:  how much
michael:  it wasnt. it wasnt that much. it was $3,000
stanley:  all right, im done now
michael:  unbelievable. i do the nicest thing that anyone has ever done for these people and they freak out. well, happy birthday, jesus. sorry your partys so lame
michael:  all right, now, youre the expert. is this enough to get 20 people plastered
michael:  cool, cool. box it up
jim:  i bought this teapot for pam, and i know she really wants it. so, can i trade you for it
dwight:  no trades
jim:  come on, its a shamrock keychain. good luck
dwight:  “a real man makes his own luck.” billy zane. 
jim:  look, it has sentimental value, dwight. can i buy it from you
dwight:  no. i want it. im going to use it
jim:  you dont even drink tea
dwight:  true. but i get sinus infections, and sinus infections can be cured by making your tea from green tea leaf stems ..
jim:  okay ..
dwight:  .. and pouring it directly into your nose, like so.
jim:  to think that my gift for pam will be used for that, its a little too much to handle
roy:  this is awesome
pam:  i know. its totally going to change the way i work out
roy:  yeah, i was gonna get you one of these for christmas, and now i dont have to. im gonna save a ton of money
pam:  so what are you going to get me instead
roy:  i dont know. probably like, a sweater or something
michael:  uh-oh. looks like santa was a little naughty
angela:  what is that
michael:  this is christmas spirit, as in spirits, booze
meredith:  we can drink
toby:  were really not supposed to serve alcohol
michael:  zip it, toby! just .. i mean, its a party. come on. if i cant throw a good party for my employees, then i am a terrible boss. who wants a drink
meredith:  me. please
michael:  go, here we go
meredith:  the deal is that this is my last hurrah, cause i made a new years resolution that im not going to drink anymore. during the week
phyllis:  hi guys
ryan:  hey
phyllis:  does everybody know my boyfriend, bob vance
kevin:  kevin malone
bob vance:  bob vance, vance refrigeration
stanley:  stanley hudson
bob vance:  bob vance, vance refrigeration
ryan:  ryan howard
bob vance:  bob vance, vance refrigeration
ryan:  what line of work you in, bob
roy:  i think after i lost culpepper and t.o it was over, man
darryl:  oh, yeah, i need mcmahon, deion branch to have big games or else im done
roy:  its possible. i cant believe you traded shaun alexander, man
darryl:  i had to. i needed defense
roy:  come on! shaun alexander? hes the best back in the league
darryl:  its defense
roy:  oh, no. that is not worth it.
darryl:  it is worth it
roy:  never
darryl:  are you kidding? you wait
michael:  anybody making out in here?  not yet, give it time. oh, hey, ebenezer, boink.  okay, hows it going in here?
ryan:  were running low on cups. do you want me to just run out and get some
angela:  there should be some ..
michael:  no, no, no, no. well find some, dont leave the party
michael:  kudos to ryan, king of the party committee
ryan:  oh, no
michael:  yeah, yeah, yeah
ryan:  i really did not do anything
michael:  oh, no, no. no false modesty, my friend
jim:  you know, you dont have to answer calls during a party. just thought you should know
pam:   no, i was just checking out my present.
jim:  but ..
pam:  i traded with dwight. just, i figured, you know, you went to a lot of trouble and it means a lot. and also, roy got me an ipod or was going to get me an ipod, so ..
jim:  well, either way. this is an amazing gift because it comes with bonus gifts. look inside
pam:   oh my god! the yearbook picture
pam:  yeah, i think i made the right choice
pam:  oh, my god! its incredible.  is this the boggle timer
jim:  i didnt think you were going to get that one. i really didnt
dwight:  this is so awesome
michael:  not bad. and if it couldnt go to ryan, you are the guy id want it to go to
dwight:  thank you
michael:  youre welcome
todd packer:   merry christmas, asswipe
michael:  no way. oh, youre kidding me. packer! yes! todd packer, ladies and gentlemen
todd packer:   whats up my nerds. check it out.
michael:  oh, no, no. oh look at that. icing on the cake
todd packer:  pacman need a drinky
michael:  oh, lets fix you up. who wants to fix up .. toby. tobys gonna fix you up
kevin:   yeahhh
michael:  darryl. there you go.  you earned it
darryl:  thats okay, mike
michael:  no, no, no, no. i really, really want you to have it
darryl:  all right. thanks, man
michael:  hey, merry christmas
ryan:   whose butt is that
kevin:  mine
ryan:  oh, how did i not guess that
michael:   lampshade on head! its happening
creed:   oh, no
kelly:  hey
dwight:  oh, hello there.  but what are you doing
kelly:  i dont know
dwight:  you shouldnt do things like that. the man is supposed to do that
kevin:  thanks for the party, michael
meredith:  yeah
bob vance:  oh, hey. listen up. were going to poor richards. whos in
oscar:  im in
dwight:  yes
oscar:  michael? poor richards
michael:  yeah, that sounds good
michael:  christmas is awesome. first of all, you get to spend time with people you love. secondly, you can get drunk and no one can say anything. third, you give presents. whats better than giving presents? and fourth, getting presents. so, four things. not bad for one day. its really the greatest day of all time
michael:  hey, meredith. heading over to poor richards?
meredith:  yep
michael:  cool, cool, cool. do you need a ride?  all right, lets head out. sounds good. do you have a coat
meredith:  yeah
michael:  okay
oscar:  towards me
creed:  okay
oscar:  towards me. thats good, towards me. towards me. towards me, towards me. okay, im good. im good, im good
creed:  okay, okay.
oscar:  creed
michael:  remember on that animated special when they taught the uh, the monster to put the star on top? thats dwight. dwights the monster that we taught to put the star on top of the tree. you take his teeth out, and he could put the star on top of the tree
pam:  do you want me to help you with that
phyllis:  yeah
michael:  phyllis and angela and meredith are helpers. i guess angelas kind of… angelas little. phyllis and meredith are not little. pam is sort of a medium helper
dwight:  okay. christmas lights? good. tinsel? good. star? good
michael:  dwight is… dwight looks like spock to me. he always wears the ears, and i always give him grief about looking like spock, and he hates it because he has a different pair of ears that he wears to be spock, for some reason
dwight:  question, pam. is roy coming to the party
pam:  yes
dwight:  okay, well, you didnt tell me that. now, he will not be allowed in unless we register him on this list
pam:  are you kidding
dwight:  do i look like im kidding?  phyllis, stag, i assume
phyllis:  im bringing someone
dwight:  really
phyllis:  i invited someone to the party. bob vance. he works at vance refrigeration next door. thats how we met.  hes my boyfriend
dwight:  everyone, please remain calm until we receive further instructions
pam:  just let us open up the presents, dwight
dwight:  absolutely… not
dwight:  what separates humans from jungle beasts? the fact that we have rules. when humans give each other gifts, they do it properly and orderly. when bears give each other gifts they just rip open a fox carcass and present it to their mate. i prefer the human way
oscar:  man, i really wanted that. i really wanted the shower radio, too
michael:  well, thank god you didnt steal my oven mitt. and oscar, you little gourmand, your turn
oscar:  ill take the tea pot
meredith:  damn it
kelly:  so, i guess, you really didnt want the shower radio that bad. no, i just like tea
oscar:  no, i just like tea
kelly:  i dont know why oscar didnt like the gift. i know he wanted a shower radio. i mean, i totally remember him telling me that he wanted one
oscar:  kelly had me last year, too, and she gave me the same exact thing. i only have one shower
michael:  oscar, paint ball pellets
oscar:  i guess ill take the last gift. cool
pam:  it was supposed to be for meredith, cause she said she likes my drawings
meredith:  thanks. i wish i couldve had it. do you wanna trade
michael:  yeah. like anybody would want an oven mitt.
toby:  so, hey, you wanna trade
kelly:  yes, totally, cause i was just gonna throw this out anyway
toby:  really? you were gonna throw out a book
kelly:  mmm-hmm
kevin:    the time is now, the place is here and the whole wide world is filled with cheer my names dmc with the mike in my hand and im chilling and cooling just like a snow man
darryl:  yeah
kevin:   so open eyes lend us an ear we wanna say merry christmas and happy new year  yeah
kevin:  im the dj because i really know how to heat up a party
dwight:  i do enjoy a drink now and again, but tonight, no. i am also an officer of the law and im unofficially on the clock. i need to stay sober and alert. also, on a personal note, im not at my best when i drink
ryan:  i actually got that for you. i had you originally
toby:  oh, cool. it looks really interesting. what did you end up with?  sorry
ryan:  i didnt want anything else, so i figured at least i could give it to a homeless guy
toby:  christmas
ryan:  yeah, christmas
oscar:  what did you end up with
creed:  your shower radio
oscar:  you like music at least
creed:  i love it. i actually used to have a radio show back in the 70s
oscar:  youre kidding. what was your dj name
creed:  whacky-weed creed
oscar:  turns out that creed is a pretty interesting guy
angela:  you behaved very badly tonight
kelly:  sorry
michael:  see, thats what christmas is all about to me, is when you see someone open a gift and you think, “man, i wish i got that.” i mean, thats just such a great feeling, to watch other people envying a gift that you gave to somebody else. i dont know, its just… i dont know, just makes you kind of feel good
