michael:  lets think this through. if we ask corporate for that then…
dwight:  they are either going to say yes… or no
michael:  could go either way. we dont know what they are going to say
dwight:  think it through
michael:  have to think it through. because if they say no
jim:  can we not
michael:  no! yes, we have to! you know why? because i dont like to be cooped up in that office! in that box! all day long.  heisman! because i need to think. okay, jim? oh, kevin, oh!  nice catch. mmmm, mmm, mmm,mmm. os-car! intercepted.
jim:  still want that
michael:  give it to me. phyllis, give me the ball. ok, give me the ball. give me, you guys… creed give me the ball! right now give it to me
creed:  ryan
dwight:  fumble! yaaah!
michael: hey, dwight
dwight:  hut! hut! hut! hike
michael:  you all right ryan
dwight:  ryan
ryan:  yeah
michael:  pam
dwight:  ooh. theyre having a sale on tivo. maybe i should get a tivo. oh. dvd burner! maybe i should get one of those. you are so lucky, jim. you are so lucky you dont have this problem. what was the 9th place prize again? a loaf of bread?
jim:  cuginos pizza
dwight:  oh, great. tasty, terrific pizza. hmm. question: do their pizzas play dvds
jim:  dwight was the top salesman of the year at our company. he wins a little prize money and gets honored at some convention. it is literally the highest possible honor that a northeastern pennsylvania-based mid-size paper company regional salesman can attain, so
jim:  what did i do to deserve this
pam:  are you sad that dwight beat you
jim:  no
pam:  are you going to cry, jim? do you need a tissue
phyllis:  hey, i heard you got a wedding dress. do you have pictures
pam:  oh! i… uh… yeah. um… ill uh show them to you later
phyllis:  oh
jim:  oh, i should get back. talk to you guys later
pam:  ok, cool
pam:  i have a ton of stuff to do for the wedding. and i have to do it in the office. and that can be kind of awkward. um… just because people can get all weird about wedding stuff. then… i just… i dont want to offend… angela… or someone
michael:  thats what she said
dwight:  ha! i dont get it
michael:  grapes. seductive. so you ready for the big speech this afternoon
dwight:  well, its not really a big speech. you still coming right
michael:  oh! abso-fruit-ly. fruit. grapes. nailed the joke. matter of time. um… and yes, it is a big speech. biggest of your life
michael:  speaker at the sales convention. been there, done that. went there again, did it again. two years in a row. consecutive. i just… i miss the feeling of knowing that you did a good job because someone gives you proof of it. sir, youre awesome! heres a plaque. what, a whole year has gone by and you need more proof? heres a certificate. they stopped making plaques that year
dwight:  what if i give a really long, extended thank you. for instance, “thank you, mr. blank. thank you very, very, very…”
michael:  that would look terrible. these are mostly salesmen and salesmen expect to be entertained and you are the main act
dwight:  when i was in the sixth grade, i was a finalist in our school spelling bee. it was me against raj patel. and i misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word ‘failure
dwight:  i cant do this
michael:  thats because youre incapable of doing it because you dont know how. because you have no skills. dwight, theres no way i can possibly teach you what you need to know about public speaking by speech time
dwight:  oh, okay
michael:  but i can teach you enough so that you dont embarrass me or the company
dwight:  okay, deal! ill do whatever you say. no questions asked
michael:  well, if you have a question, you should ask me
dwight:  ill try and think of one. when…
michael:  dont. dont try and think of a question to humor me. just… try not to be such an idiot
dwight:  is that an insult or is that part of the public speaking advice
michael:  insult
pam:  mom, im sorry. i know you and dad are chipping in for the wedding but i do not want orange invitations. yes! well, if you really want my…
jim:  hi, yeah, can i talk to one of your travel agents
jim:  im going to take a trip. im going to get out of town for a while… and go someplace… not here
jim:  where do i want to go? um… that is an excellent question. and one i should have probably thought about before i called you. um
oscar:  i get here early every morning so i can set the thermostat. i like it a little cooler, around 66 degrees. im more productive. maybe some people dont like it as cold as i do, but i dont care
michael:   but seriously, whats the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman
dwight:  saleswoman has a vagina
michael:  its a joke, dwight. its not a sex ed class
dwight:  but im right
michael:  yeah, youre right about the difference between a man and a woman, but not about the punch line to the joke, right?  the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman… is boobs
dwight:  hey. do you remember the speeches that you gave
michael:  i do. both of them
dwight:  could i have a copy of one of them
michael:  no, no! they would remember them. look, it doesnt matter what you say. it just matters that youre saying something that people care about. yeah? all right? here we go. watch this
michael:  attention everybody! attention please! i have some very great news from corporate. we had a wonderful quarter and as a result all of you are getting bonuses for 1000 dollars
dwight:  yeah
michael:   congratulations
phyllis:  unbelievable
michael:  you see that? you see how they responded to me? in that moment, i had them
dwight:  that is so great about the bonus
michael:  no, no! its not true. i was just talking so just go out there and say anything. theyll eat it up. theyre a great audience
stanley:  go ahead. get the wallpaper. wallpaper the ceiling if you want. call terri and tell her she…
phyllis:  its unbelievable
dwight:  excuse me! may i have your attention please? there has been an accident on 84 west. cars have skidded off the road into the safety railing. several cars have flipped. there is broken glass everywhere. several people are injured
pam:  do we know anyone who was in the accident?
dwight:  brad pitt. also there will be no bonuses
stanley:  why would this affect our bonuses
dwight:  they are unrelated
kelly:  is brad okay
dwight:  he will never act again. also, this branch is closing
oscar:  what the hell is going on here
angela:  are we out of jobs
dwight:  yes
kelly:  this is karma because of what he did to jennifer aniston
michael:  hes kidding. dwight was kidding and i dont know why because it wasnt funny… and it was just horrible.
stanley:  michael
michael:  yeah
stanley:  you said we were getting bonuses
michael:  all right. everybody in the conference room now. lets go. lets do it
stanley:  cancel wallpaper
michael:  as your leader and your friend, i sort of demand that you can all speak in public as i can… and did… twice.  you saw the plaque, right?  all right. were all going to go around the room and were going to make toasts. and that way, we will overcome our fear of public speaking
pam:  you mean toastmasters
michael:  pam! im public speaking. stop public interrupting me. actually, this would be good practice for your wedding toast
pam:  yeah, the bride doesnt really do… have you ever been to a wedding
jim:  can i go
michael:  yes. good. jim taking the initiative
jim:  so. uh… i am going on a trip. but not really sure where im going yet. its kind of open-ended. so i was hoping maybe you guys would have some suggestions
kevin:  you should go to hedonism
jim:  what is that
kevin:  its like club med, but everything is naked
jim:  i was thinking more like europe. or something like that. but, good second choice
toby:  been to amsterdam
michael:  oh ho hokay. you know what? thats not a toast. youre not standing up
toby:   to amsterdam
jim:  when did you go there
toby:  umm… after my divorce. yeah
jim:  really for like how long
toby:  uh, about a week. er… .um… .maybe a month. i uh cant…
creed:  jimmy, listen to me. you do not want to go to amsterdam. trust me
jim:  where do i want to go
creed:  id send you to hong kong
creed:  like to say ‘hi to my friends in china.
michael:  okay, dwight. show us what you have learned today
dwight:  good morning, vietnam!  okay. you know what? this isnt working. because um im not nervous in front of them. theyre my subordinates
jim:  no. were not
dwight:  uh, yes you are. im assistant regional manager
jim:  which means absolutely nothing
dwight:  michael, can you explain
michael:  well, its mostly made up. so
michael:  dwight is not going to do a job. its sad. and theyre expecting excellence because i did do such a good job. two years in a row. i killed. it was amazing
michael:  confidence, dwight
jim:  dwight. if you could travel anywhere in the world where would you go?
dwight:  i can travel anywhere except cuba. and i will travel to new zealand. and walk the ‘lord of the rings trail to mordor. and then i will hike mount doom. so… no… just leave me alone
jim:  okay. just trying to get some advice on my trip
dwight:  oh please! youre not taking any trip
jim:  you know i majored in public speaking in college
dwight:  you did
jim:  mmmhmm. and the first thing they teach you is that youve got to be true to your self. and you are all about authority
dwight:  yes. i am
jim:  the great speakers throughout history were not joke tellers. they were people of passion. so if you want to do well today, you got to do what they did
dwight:  which is
jim:  youve got to wave your arms and youve got to pound your fists. many times. its supposed to emphasize your point
jim:  ok, i didnt actually major in public speaking. but, i did download speeches from some of historys famous dictators. like this one . originally given by benito mussolini
jim:  ok, look. i know you are giving this speech on your own 
dwight:  ill glance at it
michael:  its time, dwight. the grim reaper is here
angela:  the very best of luck to you, dwight
dwight:  thank you, angela
kelly:  whyd you pick the v.a. for the reception
pam:  roy has a connection. its nicer than you think
ryan:  youre inviting jim
pam:  of course. hes one of my closest friends
michael:  all right. you ready? here we go! wow. its a little bit bigger than i remember. come on. were down here. right
overhead:   you all ready for this
angela:    i am just feeling under the weather. and… i think that i will go home and rest
kevin:  ive never, ever seen you take a sick day
angela:  well, ive seen you take enough for the both of us
speaker:  next, id like to introduce the dunder mifflin salesman of the year, dwight schrute
crowd: 
michael:  dwight, they called your name
speaker:  dwight, how we doing
dwight:  no, i cant… i ca…
michael:  all right. you know what? okay. no. no problem. you are lucky you have me here. im going to cover for you.  all right
crowd: 
michael:  gooood morning, vietnaaaam! i am not dwight schrute. not at all. i am michael scott, his mentor and boss. and until dwight comes up, if he ever does, i wanted to say a few words about excellence. what makes a work environment excellent? well, there are many things, i believe, that do such a thing of that nature. and one would be humor. what is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman
kevin:  i always set it at 69.
pam:  maybe well use a dj. thats the one thing roys in charge of for this wedding but all hes managed to do is set a date
kelly:  but he did a great job. june 10th is perfect. i want a june wedding.ive always wanted one. ryan, do you know when you would want to get married
ryan:  actually, i dont see myself ever getting married
kelly:  oh
pam:  ryan, you should be more sensitive. its obvious she likes you and comments like that, they just…
ryan:  i know what i said
michael:  im very sorry. i did not know you were wearing a hearing aid and i just thought you were speaking abnormally. …and now the black guy from the ‘police academy movies. a robot.  michael winslow, anyone
michael:  car starting. all right, dwight schrute everyone.
crowd: 
michael:  good luck. that is a tough crowd
dwight:   blood alone moves the wheels of history! have you ever asked yourselves in an hour of meditation, which everyone finds during the day.  how long we have been striving for greatness?  not only the years weve been at war, the war of work, but from the moment as a child when we realized that the world could be conquered. it has been a lifetimes struggle . a never-ending fight. i say to you  and youll understand that it is a privilege to fight
crowd: 
dwight:  we are warriors
crowd: 
dwight:  salesman of northeastern pennsylvania, i ask you once more rise and be worthy of this historical hour
crowd: 
dwight:   yeah. yes
oscar:  ive got a time share in key west that might be available.
jim:  maybe. thanks
ryan:  you really think youre going to go
jim:  yeah. im definitely going
ryan:  nice. send me a postcard
ryan:  jim has worked at the same place for five years. jim eats the same ham and cheese sandwich everyday for lunch. i dont know. if i were a betting man, id say he will have a fun weekend in philadelphia
dwight:  no revolution is worth anything unless it can defend itself. 
crowd: 
dwight:  some people will tell you salesman is a bad word. theyll conjure up images of used car dealers and door to door charlatans. this is our duty – to change their perception. i say salesmen… and women of the world unite! we must never acquiesce for it is together, together, that we prevail!we must never cede control of the motherland! for it is…
crowd:   together that we prevail!
pam:  australia? i have always wanted to go there
jim:  im going. im a little nervous to run into dwight on his connecting flight to mordor. but, other than that… um, yeah, i bought the ticket, non-refundable
pam:  thats awesome. where are you staying
jim:  i dont know. i feel like i have plenty of time to figure out the details but…
pam:  when are you leaving
jim:  im… leaving on june 8th
pam:  oh
jim:  yeah. and im really sorry about that, i just…
pam:  oh yeah. thats too bad
jim:  yeah. do you want me to take these on my way out
pam:  its ok. i got it
jim:  alright
dwight:  ok, thanks.  there you are. what happened
michael:  i got thirsty. howd it go
dwight:  it was amazing. i wish you would have been there
michael:  you would not believe what happened here
dwight:  what? something happened
michael:  oh! this woman came in, sat down, ordered a drink. the bartender asked for her id which i thought was odd because i pegged her at like 35
dwight:  weird
michael:  yeah, it was weird. so, she was like ‘i dont have my id, please give me one. and he was like ‘i cant do that. i cant serve you
dwight:  con artist
michael:  she might have been. so she says ‘fine. i will go to my room. i will get my purse. i will come back. ill show you my id. she hasnt come back yet. shes probably in her room drinking from the mini-bar! right
michael:  dwight gave a great speech. thats the word on the street anyway. and i entertained dwight to no end with my bar stories. so, i captivated the guy who captivated a thousand guys. can you believe that? a thousand guys
dwight:  my future is so bright, jim. jim, do you know how bright my future is? its so bright that… what? do you know? is there something i got to wear? huh
jim:  goggles
dwight: 
dwight:  and what a lot of people dont understand about sales is that it has so much to do with organization. i have a system in place for keeping track of who i speak to, when i speak to them and what we have discussed. etcetera
michael:  thats it? youre going to end with “etcetera”? okay, whats this big organizational system that
dwight:  well, do you think i should describe our filing system
michael:  that would be suicide. never, never talk specifics. not in a speech. but the fact that you have no idea what to say is, believe it or not, the least of our worries
dwight:  it is
michael:  its your delivery
dwight:  what is
michael:  our biggest worry
dwight:  i dont follow
michael:  my god, dwight. the best way to learn is by watching. thats why porn is a multi-trillion-dollar industry. listen. okay. sit down, let me wow you. 
dwight:  oh, god
michael:  see, i have your attention now, dont i? youre scared, but now youre ready to learn
dwight:  well, that didnt go well.
michael:  no, it did not. and that is because at no time did you employ the use of humor. well find you a joke that not even you can ruin
michael:  all right, listen up, please. dwight has a joke
dwight:   stop it.  two sailors walk into a bar
meredith:  please dont tell a sailor joke
dwight:  oh, why not
phyllis:  her nephews in iraq
michael:  iraq is sand. sailors are on water
pam:  yes, but they are both in danger
michael:  yeah, well, you know what? we need to… all right, everybody in the conference room now. lets go
michael:  whos gonna start. how about phyllis? you kick us off and then well move around. go ahead
phyllis:  what are we supposed to talk about
michael:  anything your heart desires
phyllis:  i would like to toast to the good fortune ive been having lately…
michael:   louder
phyllis:  i, uh, i met a man and im totally in love, and thats a chapter of my life that i thought had closed. uh, i was terribly depressed for the longest time and i have to admit i had some very dark thoughts
michael:  good. good, good, good. thats good. now see, thats not so hard, right? all right. whos next? who are we going to… ryan. ryans next
ryan:  why am i next? i thought wed go in order
michael:  dont be shy, shy boy. dont be shy. get up there
ryan:  well… a lot of you know that im in business school. and while im learning a lot here, a lot, hopefully soon ill land a challenging full-time or part-time position somewhere else
dwight:  all right
stanley:  way to go, ryan
michael:  stop! stop! stop! thats, you know what? the toast is really not supposed to be about anything. its certainly not supposed to be about going anywhere or doing anything else, so
michael:  ryan is a temp, and that means that he could go at any time. am i worried about that? try scared to death
ryan:  i got the stamps
pam:  the ones that say “love” on them
ryan:  the ones that say “39 cents.
pam:  oh. doesnt matter
ryan:  i didnt think it did
pam:  as soon as they leave, well get kelly and start
ryan:  kellys helping
pam:  is that okay
ryan:  yeah, sure
michael:  ghosts. lots of ghosts in this old radisson. there it is, rosebud room. memories. wow, this turnout is pathetic. i packed the house, you know
dwight:  oh, no, i dont think this is it
michael:  numismatic. numismatic collectors. nope, wrong room
michael:  okay. they got sports medicine seminar, nope. science fiction convention, nope
dwight:  oh, yeah, i read about that. the entire cast of battlestar galactica is gonna be here, including starbuck. im so in love with her
michael:  youre weird
dwight:  no, no, no. its totally normal, cause shes not a cylon or anything. shes just a great human fighter pilot. if i see her, my heart will explode
michael:  are you a 12-year-old girl? i dont know. there we go
michael:  ah, look at me. im huge in wilkes-barre. performing nightly, michael scott. not comedy fans here, which is fine because not having a sense of humor is just as fine as having one. questions? comment? cant see you, but i know that youre not breathing. i know youre breathing. is this on? hello? “well, isnt that… well, isnt that special?” “jell-o pudding.” bill cosby. i think bill cosby said it best when he talked about his brother and all of the fun he… all the great things they did together as kids. and there was the one time when he put the snowball in the freezer, and it… and he waited for five months and then he took the snowball out and he threw it… he would have thrown it at the kid but then his mother had thrown out the snowball so he couldnt throw it. so… bill cosby is smoking! and now some race car.  that brings me to my… brings me to a point that you should always have a list of your clients. its important to because a client list is next to godliness… list.  could you shut him up, please? i mean, who brings a baby to a sales conference? really rude
