pam:  im looking forward to ‘take your daughter to work day. i am not great with kids, but i wanna get better. because im getting married. so, i put out a bunch of extra candy out on my desk so the kids will come talk to me. …like the witch in hanzel and gretel
jim:  bribery. nice
pam:  oh, i have more.
michael:  pam. ms. beasley if yer nastay! janet jackson. hey! you having a wardrobe malfunction there? or w
pam:  oh, michael. you cant be nasty today.  ‘cause of the… 
michael:  … oh, god is that today?
pam:  i reminded you last night
michael:  listen, i like kids. but this is not a kids environment. this is like hbo, no limits. who knows what im going to say? crazy stuff. and it is r rated, it is not rated g. i am like eddie murphy in “raw,” and they are trying to make me into eddie murphy in “daddy daycare.” both great movies, but, still
michael:  well, ill be in my office.
pam:  dont you think you should say something
michael:  theyre cool
pam:  michael, i think that as the boss you should really
michael:  fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine. hi, children. im michael scott, and… i… am in charge of this place… ahh, whatll make you… understand… i am… like superman, and the people who work here are like citizens of gotham city.
jim and dwight:   thats batman
michael:  okay, im aquaman. where does he live, guys
jim:  the ocean.
michael:   i work with a bunch of nerds
dwight:   mmm… hello tiny one.
toby:   come on
dwight:  you are the future
kevin:  this… is my file cabinet. uhm… oh. this… is the partition… between my desk… and angelas
kevin:  abbys my fiancee stacys daughter, i think shell have a good time. i just hope she doesnt look on my computer. …actually, id better go check
stanley:  michael, you remember my daughter, melissa.
michael:  oh, yes, hello, how are you? good to see you. wow, youve really grown up. you know what? dont mind me saying so, she is turning into a stone cold fox. better keep the… frat boys away from her.
melissa:  im in eighth grade
michael:  oh
stanley:  shes in middle school
michael:  yeah, middle schools amazing. it is extraordinary. an extraordinary time
michael:  its not that children make me uncomfortable, its just that, why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? ive never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle
michael:   they want how many spiral pads
meredith:  um, fif–well, fifty… i… over ordered because they had a back order
michael:  okay
meredith:  i got permission to bring jake into work, which is great because he got suspended this week and now i dont have to pay for a sitter
angela:  can you put that down there?
kelly:  yep.
toby:   okay, tell them what you wanted to say.
sasha:  do you need any help
angela:  no. thanks. wed… have to explain everything, its probably just easier if we do it ourselves
toby:  alright, i wasnt expecting that. lets uh… lets go draw
kelly:  oh my god, she is so cute, i want to die. dont you just love kids, angela
angela:  i guess i wouldnt mind a pair of small, well-behaved boys.
kelly:  god i cannot wait to get pregnant and have babies
ryan:  kelly and i both agreed that we would just have fun, and, im learning that fun for kelly is… getting married and having babies. immediately. with me
michael:   just compare last years order to this years. uh-huh. yeah, im looking at it right now.  … yes. we–yeah, theyre very–theyre different.  yeah, we can stick with last years, youre just going to have to supplement it, somehow
pam:  hey, abby! do you want to help me shred some old documents? its actually pretty cool.
abby:  no thanks
pam:  i only have one goal today. to make one kid like me. just one
jim:  what are you reading
abby:  from the mixed-up files of mrs. basil e. frankweiler
jim:  aww, best book
abby:  yeah, but ive read it before.
jim:  pfft. so have i. hey, question. if you had to spend a night in the met or the aquarium, which would it be
abby:  definitely the aquarium
jim:  definitely. yes. glad you said that. …you dont want to help me with some of my sales, do you? ‘cause, im kind of swamped
abby:  sure
jim:  really
abby:  mmhmm
jim:  yesss. and youre abby, right?
abby:  yeah
jim:  im jim.  annnnd… lets sell some paper
abby:  alright
jim:  lets start with… your mom
michael:   yes. well… we can…  uhm… hey, uh, you know what? can i call you back? ill call you right back. yes, i promise. …hello, can i help you? … you can pick that up, if you want. thats— thats alright.  want to bring it over… here, make some room. my names michael. whats your name
sasha:  sasha
michael:  nice to meet you
sasha:  ooh!
michael:  oh, you know what that is! that is a train whistle, like im the conductor.  but im sort of the conductor of the office here, right?  you want to try
sasha:  sure.
michael:  all aboard for sales! next stop, cu…camonga!
jim:   ow, ow, ow, ow, you broke my hand.
dwight:  there is no way that hurt.
jim:  really? ‘cause shes pretty strong, dwight
dwight:  little girl. come over here. shake my hand. come on, i dont have all day.  i dont feel anything. nothing.  youre so weak.  uh, excuse me, these are expensive collectors items, okay?
jake:  do you have any computer games?
dwight:  no, i dont have computer games on my work computer. that would be innappropriate.
jake:  yeah, meredith doesnt have any either. its so lame here
dwight:  you call your mom meredith? thats very disrespectful
jake:  whatever, okay?
dwight:  you can refer to me as mister schrute.
jake:  thats your name? mister poop
dwight:  schrute. mister schrute.
jake:  sure, mister poop.
dwight:   … schrute.
sasha:   are you mother goose
melissa:  i drink like, a hundred ice macchiatos a day, and practically nothing else
ryan:  wow
melissa:  theres a really cool coffee place, jitters, at the steamtown mall. ever been there?
ryan:  no.
melissa:  youve never been to jitters? ryan, you are 
ryan:  uhm
melissa:  come on!  you have an email address
kelly:  …that i thought you should know 
stanley:  mmhmm. what
kelly:  i think something a little fishy is going on.
stanley:  a little fishy
kelly:  yeah. i mean, ive been noticing them all day, i was thinking that maybe …
stanley:  that little girl is a child! i dont want to see you sniffing around her anymore this afternoon, do you understand?
ryan:  yes, i
stanley:  boy have you lost your mind? ‘cause ill help you find it! whatcha lookin for, aint nobody gonna help you out there! jesus could come through that door and hes not gonna help you if you dont stop sniffing after my child!
ryan:  okay
ryan:  stanley yelled at me today. that was one of the most frightening experiences of my life
dwight:   that was greensleeves. a traditional english ballad about the beheaded anne boleyn. and now, a very special treat… a book my grandmutter used to read me when i was a kid.this is a very special story, its called struwwelpeter, by heinrich hoffman from 1864.  the great tall tailor always comes to little girls that suck their thumbs— are you listening, sasha? right? and ‘ere they dream when hes about, he takes his great sharp scissors out, and then cuts their thumbs clean off
michael:  dwight! dwight
dwight:  theres a photo
michael:  what the hell are you reading to them?
dwight:  these are cautionary tales for kids, my grandmata used to read these
michael:  yeah, you know what? no, no no no no. they, no. the kids dont want to hear some wierdo book that your nazi war criminal grandmother gave you.
sasha:  whats a nazi
michael:  whats a nazi?
dwight:   nazi was a fascist movement
michael:  dont
dwight:  …from the 1930s
michael:  dont! dont! dont talk about nazis in front of— you know what? theyre going to have nightmares, so why dont you just shut it?
dwight:  i was gonna teach the children how to make corn-husk dolls.
michael:   why dont you just leave? okay?
dwight:  …okay.
jake:  bye, mister poop
michael:  alright. there goes mister poop. now, who likes dane cook?
the kids:   i do, i do
michael:  children cannot lie. they are innocent, and they speak the truth, and out of the mouths of babes, michael scott is freaking cool.
angela:  you know, i never misbehaved in front of my father because he was a very strict disciplinarian. i can only hope my mate has some of those same qualities 
michael:  this is where the magic happens! right over here, let me show you this. see all these?  you know what that is? thats paper. this is where paper comes from. any questions
melissa:  so… you cut the paper and dye it and stuff
michael:  no, we dont actually cut the paper. thats a good question. the paper is sent to us cut, and dyed, from a paper manufacturer, and then we sell it to a business for more than we paid for it.
abby:  thats not fair.
michael:  yes it is, well, w-w–you need someone in the middle to facilitate
jake:  youre just a middleman.
michael:  im not just a middle… man…
melissa:  wait, why doesnt the saw mill just sell paper directly to people?
michael:  you are describing office depot, and theyre kind of running us out of business.
dwight:  we have better service than they do
michael:  …theres creed! lets take a look at what hes doing, everybody! this is creed, and he is in charge of… something. right
creed:  that is correct.
michael:  say hi to the kids
creed:  hi kids.
michael:  yaaaaay
creed:  have you ever seen a foot with four toes?
kids:  ewwww
michael:  what are you doing? n–stop it! stop it! just–no, no, no, no! no! would you cut it out?! what is your problem?
creed:  th-the hair covers it, mostly
michael:  no no no, were not gonna see— were not gonna see the four toed… creed, okay
michael:  you know, theres something interesting about me you might want to know. i … used to be … the star of a kids show.
kids:  no way.
michael:  its true. i did
melissa:  you serious
jake:  really
michael:  i am totally serious. there was a show called ‘fundle bundle and i was the star
abby:  that doesnt sound like a show
melissa:  what?
michael:  its true! i can prove it! i can prove it, watch this.  ryan, can you come here a second?  i would like you to go to my mothers house in dickson city, and if she is in the pool, the back kitchen window should be unlocked, i want you to boost yourself up, i want you to go down to the basement. in the basement is a tape labeled ‘fundle bundle. i want you to grab it, i want you to get my guitar.
ryan:  right. okay
michael:  i want you to get the tambourine. do you know how to play the tambourine?
ryan:  um, im already getting the pizzas from bernettis, so
melissa:  you know, i can go with him
michael:  oka
ryan:  no! i will… go
michael:  okay! thank you ryan. good attitude, hottest in the office
michael:   alright, nowwww… what kind… of pizza do you like
michael:  i dont get why parents are always complaining about how tough it is to raise kids. you joke around with them, you give them pizza, you give them candy, you let them live their lives… theyre adults, for gods sake
michael:  i am going to give you a little blast from the past of michael gary scott when he was a child star, and a show that you might remember called ‘fundle bundle. okay? without further ado, ryan?
miss trudy:   …bundle, are you ready to come on in?  lets have some fun
michael:  that… is miss trudy. cant tell from the costume, but she had an amazing body. okay, you can… fast forward. and… i want you… to…
dwight:  is that a real fun shooting windmill
michael:  stop! stop! stop!  yes! that is, uh, edward r. meow.
jim:  thats pretty funny.
michael:  yeah
edward r. meow:  …recess! hey, whats your name
chet:  my names chet
edward r. meow:  well hi chet.
oscar:  is that chet montgomery?
michael:  uhh, i dont know
pam:  that is
darryl:  checkin in with chet. dopplers up.
edward r. meow:  what do you want to be when you grow up
chet:  i want to be on tv!
dwight:   and he 
michael:  can everyone please shut up, please! so you dont miss it
edward r. meow:  okay, next? so, whats your name
michael:  oh! thats me. shh. shh.
edward r. meow:  well whats your favorite subject at school
young michael:  recess.
edward r. meow:  ree-cesss. so tell me, what do you want to be when you grow up
young michael:  i want to be married and have a hundred kids so i can have a hundred friends, and no one can say no to being my friend.
edward r. meow:   uh, ah… oh, okay! well uh, nice talking with you, michael. uh, back to you miss trudy
miss trudy:  hi everyone, its one of my favorite times of the day
michael:  coulda sworn there was
melissa:  did you get married
michael:  …uh, no
abby:  why not
michael:  uh, just never happened
sasha:  so, do you have any kids?
michael:  uh, nope
jake:  do you have a girlfriend?
michael:  i do okay.
melissa:  was chet montgomery cool back then
michael:  yes
jake:  even i have a girlfriend
michael:  okay! alright, okay
sasha:  so you didnt get to be what you wanted to be
michael:  …i guess not… you know, i have a load of work to do so i am going to grab a slice of this delish pizza… and im going to go do my work. bye
pam:  hes not coming out. he wont pick up the phone
jim:  cant believe his mom dressed him like that, thats the real tragedy
roy:   pam! pam! i love this guy!  come on
pam:  so, melissa… i met your mom a couple times. shes 
melissa:  who?terry
pam:  mmhmm
melissa:  that woman is not my mother. that is my step-mother
jake:  mister poop, i have to tell you something
dwight:  uh, okay. but first, thats not my name.
jake:  youre ugly
dwight:  well at least im not a horrible little latchkey kid who got suspended from school. so
jake:  meredith
michael:   yeah
toby:  i think these belong to you.
michael:  oh, thats okay, she can keep those.
toby:  believe me, she has enough toys… she doesnt need your watch
michael:  thank you.
toby:  is everything okay?
michael:  you have to ask me that because you work for human resources
toby:  uh… its true
michael:  well, sure, playing the field is great, dont get me wrong, but theres more to life than notches just on my bedpost.
toby:  mmhmm
michael:  tell me something honestly, do you… think… that it is too late for me to have kids
toby:  well, you need a wife first, or at least a girlfriend
michael:  what about
toby:  not jan
michael:  …jan. kay.
toby:  if you really want to have kids, i— i guess you could somehow… foster parent, or something.
michael:  …or biologically
toby:  somehow
michael:  thanks, thats, no, that… that really means a lot to me. hey, does sasha have a godfather, because i
toby:  yes
michael:  oh… kay
jake:  is it okay if i take one
pam:  sure
jake:  thank you
pam:  youre welcome
jake:  is your job hard?
pam:  its not too bad. i get to shred things sometimes, do you want to see
jake:  yeah
pam:  really?
jake:  yeah
pam:  okay. um… here it is. dont put your fingers in there.  cool huh
jake:  thats so cool, yeah
pam:  yeah, i get to do this like, every week
jake:  thats so awesome!
pam:  i know
michael:  yes, it is true. i, michael scott, am signing up with an online dating service. thousands of people have done it, and i am going to do it. i need a username. and… i have a great one . little kid lover. that way, people will know exactly where my priorities are at
kevin:  go ahead
abby:  do you want to come over for dinner tonight
jim:  ohh, man, i would love to! i cant tonight, but can i come over some other time?
kevin:  whatre you doing? you never have plans.
jim:  thanks, kev. uhm… im actually going on a date
kevin:  niiice
michael:  hey, uh, no, please? you cant leave yet. theres still one more thing we need to do.
michael:   you… who are on the road… must have a code… that you can live by…  and so… become yourself… because the past… is just a goodbye… and teach… your children well…
jim:  why does he own a guitar if he doesnt know how to play
pam:  i think he thought his ukulele skills would transfer. 
pam:  my theory is that…
dwight:  and they do, your parents, love you very much
michael:  one more time.  you
dwight:  the schrutes consider children very valuable. in the olden days, the women would bear many children, so we would have enough laborers to work the fields. and if it was an especially cold winter, and there werent enough grains or vegetables, they would eat the weakest of the brood.  they didnt eat the children
angela:  okay. i think five plain and one veggie should be fine
phyllis:  how about pepperoni
angela:  no
ryan:  i like extra cheese
angela:  absolutely not
pam:  i like extra cheese, too
angela:  fine. the first lesson well teach children will be about obesity
ryan:  thank you
jim:  im pretty excited about today. i baby-sit tobys daughter sasha sometimes. so, shes the coolest kid. she has seen me play with dolls, though, so i dont know how cool she thinks i am
stanley:  put that away and learn
melissa:  learn what
stanley:  learn why daddys so cranky when he comes home from work
stanley:  i brought my daughter melissa in. that girl is very spoiled. that child has no idea what i have to deal with so she can have her little cell phone and spend all my money at that steamtown mall
abby:  im gonna go read my book now
kevin:   angela. is it okay if im the head accountant today
angela:  im the head accountant
kevin:  yeah, but can i say that im it, just for today
angela:  i cant set that kind of precedent. shes a bright girl. shed see right through that
darryl:  you must be pretty strong, huh
jake:  yeah
roy:  you think you can beat up darryl
jake:  yeah. i dont know, maybe
roy:  i think you might be able to
darryl:  you think you could beat me up
jake:  yeah. yeah, i do
darryl:  then you gotta have muscles, man. you got some muscles? lets see
jake:  i got some muscles. you wanna see the muscles? bam! look at that
michael:  hey, dont touch him, please
darryl:  man, you have got to be kidding me
michael:  didnt do background checks of the warehouse guys.  well, im sure itll be fine
jake:  can i have a quarter? i promise ill pay you back
michael:  sure
jake:  can i have a dollar? then i can buy chips and a drink
michael:  okay. there you go
jake:  will you marry my mom
oscar:  melissa. hey. i was working. i was in the middle of something
melissa:  just give me two seconds, ill be done
oscar:  i was in the middle of something
melissa:  dude, seriously, just give me two seconds, ill be done
oscar:  stanley
abby:  …get you, im gonna get you! come back here for more!
creed:  kids, kids, kids, slow down
abby:  oh, im gonna get you
dwight:  what the…
abby:  did you draw that
pam:  yeah. do you like to draw, abby
abby:  yeah, i wanna be an artist when i grow up
pam:  me, too
abby:  you are grown up
kelly:  so, hows your day been
pam:  okay. its been a little more tiring than i thought
kelly:  yeah, it doesnt help that stanleys daughters such a slut
pam:  hmm
jim:  hey, abby. i wanted to give you this for all your hard work today. look. michael signed it and everything. official
abby:  thank you so much
jim:  absolutely
dwight:  oh, i hate to break it to you, abby. the certificates a fake. okay? its not real. wheres the certification number, halpert
jim:  actually, i have the certification number right here
dwight:  oh, really? uh-huh
jim:  yup
dwight:  oh. okay. fine. well done
jim:  all right
jim:  “a7557962.” totally nonsense numbers, but you do what you have to do
