jim:  not much whats up with you
pam:  oh, i can not believe i fell for that.  oh, my god
michael:  ah, ah, ah, what? what? wheres the funny? give it to me
jim:  umm, is it me or does it smell like up-dog in here
michael:  whats up-dog
jim:  nothin much whats up with you
michael:  oh, oh, wow! i walked right into that. oh, thats brilliant
michael:  hey, stanley, is that jacket make of up-dog
stanley:  im on the phone
michael:  mmm, what flavour coffee is that?up-dog
ryan:  whats that
michael:  i dont know, nothin, whats up with you
ryan:  huh
michael:   no, damn it
kevin:  what does that mean
michael:  what does what mean
kevin:  the thing you just said
michael:  just forget it
michael:  dwight! hey is it me or does this place smell like up-dog
dwight:  whats up-dog
michael:  gotcha!  oh, god.  crap! nothin how ya doing
dwight:  good. how are you doing
jim:   so close
michael:   damn it
michael:  today is spring cleaning day here at dunder mifflin. and yes i know its january. i am not an idiot. but, if you do your spring cleaning in january; guess what you dont have to do in the spring?anything.they say a cluttered desk means a cluttered mind.well i say that an empty desk means a…
dwight:  empty mind
michael:  no, thats not… no, thats not what i was going to say
dwight:  meredith, mens room. make sure you replace the urinal cakes.theyre worn down. kevin file drawers. angela kitchen. oscar dusting. where is oscar
angela:  hes out sick
dwight:  thats unacceptable
angela:  i agree its unacceptable.
kevin:  whhh… what are you guys doing
dwight:  michael
michael:  yes
dwight:  oscar is out sick
michael:  on a friday?
dwight:  can i do some of the talking
michael:  i will do all the talking
dwight:  ok, let him know that im here
oscar:  hello
michael:  what difference does it make whether your here
oscar:  hello
michael:  hi, oscar its michael
dwight:  and dwight
michael:  yechh, yeah, um, heard you were under the weather
oscar:  yeah i think i came down with the flu
michael:  really? oh, that is a shame.you know its cleaning day here today? could have used some of that famous hispanic cleaning ethic
oscar:  yeah, i feel terrible about it
dwight:  ask him his symptoms. im on web m.d
michael:  what are your symptoms
oscar:  i have the chills
michael:  umm, hmmm
oscar:  i feel nauseous and my heads killing
dwight:  checks out
oscar:  michael is there anything you need from me? id like to go back to bed
michael:  i need you to go back to bed. i need you to get better. see you monday.unless youre still sick.so have a great long weekend
oscar:  ill just be sleep— 
dwight:  ok. first impressions
michael:  he sounded sick
dwight:  which is exactly how youd wanna sound like if you wanted someone to think you were sick
michael:  thats exactly what i was thinking
dwight:  question? may i investigate
michael:  yeah. drop what youre doing. make this a priority. because an office cant function efficiently unless people are at their desks doing their jobs
pam:  i bought my veil
kelly:  oh my god! that is so exciting! can i be a bridesmaid?
pam:  ummm
kelly:  listen, you dont have to answer now. but how are you going to do your hair
pam:  ok. i was thinking about wearing it down. kind of like, i dont know, like loose with big curls and
kelly:  youd look like an angel. im seriously going to cry
michael:  wowweee. mikey likey. why dont you wear your hair like that all the time.its much sexier.   man, this must be torture for you
jim:  yeah. on the booze cruise i told michael about some feelings i used to have for pam. i had just broken up with katy and had a couple drinks. and i confided in the worlds worst confidant
jim:  hey michael
michael:  hey jim-bag
jim:  remember that thing i told you on the booze cruise about pam? that… was… personal so if we can just keep that between you and me. that would be great
michael:  really
jim:  umm, hmm
michael:  who else knows
jim:  nobody
michael:  wow
michael:  jim and i are great friends. we hang out a ton, mostly at work. but, the fact that he told me his secret and no one else knows says everything about our friendship.and it is why, i intend on keeping that secret for as long as i possibly can
michael:  my lips are sealed.  my lips are sealed… bangles
jim:  alright. great. thank you
michael:   can you hear me, they talk about us
dwight:  listen temp. i am conducting a little investigation so im no longer going to be able to head up spring cleaning.do you think you can handle it
ryan:  yeah, i think i can handle it
dwight:  do you 
ryan:  i think
dwight:   oh god, here
michael:  hey, whatcha gettin
jim:  im going with grape
michael:  ah, good stuff, good stuff. did you see the game last night
jim:  which one
michael:  any of em?so, uh, whats the 411? any news on the “p” situation
jim:  i dont know what you mean
michael:  p-a-m. p-
jim:  uh, uh, ok
michael:  no its okay, were talking code
stanley:  what is
michael:  listen stanley. how long does it take you to pick out a soda
jim:  im going to take off actually
michael:  alright, well, cool.  still deciding
stanley:  hmm
michael:   peach iced tea. youre going to hate it
dwight:  hey oscar how ya doin? dwight schrute calling.listen a little question for you, buddy.i called six minutes ago and no one answered. so i was wondering if you could explain. oh, i see, so. sounds like youre too sick to come into work but your well enough to go to the pharmacy
dwight:  there are several different ways to tell if a perp is lying. the liar will avoid direct eye contact. the liar will cover part of his or her face with his hands, especially the mouth.the liar will perspire.unfortunately i spoke to oscar on the phone so none of this is useful
michael:  its grrrrrrape! soda
jim:  tony the tiger.you dont hear that much any more
michael:  not so much
dwight:  ok, what is going on here
michael:  nothing
dwight:  oh, really nothing? fact: you are drinking grape soda. you never drink grape soda.fact: you are talking to jim. you never talk to jim
michael:  fact: i love grape soda. i always have. fact: jim and i talk all the time. we tell each other secrets
dwight:  ok. so what is the secret michael
jim:  um, i had asked michael if i could head up the oscar investigation and he said that only dwight was capable of handling such sensitive material
dwight:  is that true
michael:  um, i dont know, yeah, yeah, yeah it is
dwight:  thank you michael.i know your telling the truth
michael:  ok
dwight:  i can tell. i wont let you down
michael:  good
jim:  thanks
michael:  whooo, nice. that was, that was slick.what are you doin for lunch
jim:  i dont know probably just gonna eat my ham and cheese sandwich in the break room
michael:  oh nonsense , no way, no. why dont, why dont i take you out to lunch? my treat
jim:  no, thats alright, thank you though. its, i, gotta do some cleaning, should probably stick around here
michael:  hey you know what we could do? we could spread out a blanket in the break room.have a little picnic order some ‘za. talk about you know who
jim:  oh, ah, no but no. you know what lets go out. that was a good idea.lets go out
michael:  i know just he place
michael:   oh man, you should order milk. get it
michael:  why do i like hooters? well i will give you two reasons, the boobs and the hot wings
michael:  oh, here we go, here we go. bogy at 3 oclock. hi
dana:  hey im dana. welcome to hooters
michael:  were not worthy. were not worthy. hello dana, i am michael and this is jim and we are brothers
jim:  nope were not brothers
michael:  im his boss actually.and i treat him well. im taking him out to lunch cause i can afford it and he can have whatever he wants
jim:  can i just have the ham and cheese sandwich, thanks
dana:  and for you
michael:  tell me dana, how is your chicken breast
dana:  oh, its great. its served with our world famous wing sauce
michael:  mmmm, sounds yummy.i will have a chicken breast hold the chicken.
dana:  is that what you really want
michael:  no, im gonna have the gourmet hot dog
dana:  great
dwight:  who took all the black ones
pam:  thats a communal bowl
dwight:  so, how did oscar sound when he called in
pam:  sick, like lots of sniffling. i dont know
dwight:  sniffling how
pam:  umm. how many different ways are there to sniffle
dwight:  three
pam:  ok, it was the second one
dwight:  ok, good, thank you.that wasnt so hard now was it
pam:  nuh-uh
michael:  what do you like best about pam
jim:  uh, i really dont want to talk about it
michael:  is it her boobs, or…
jim:  um, shes easy to talk to i guess and shes got a really good sense of humor
michael:  really
jim:  uh-huh
michael:  never gets any of my jokes
jim:  what about you
michael:  her boobs, definitely
jim:  wow, thats not what i meant
dana:  here you go
michael:  oh, thank you
dana:  and i understand we have a birthday today
michael:  ohhh happy birthday jim
dana:  ready girls? front side
hooter’s girls:  you put your front side in; you put your front side out. you put your front side in and shake it all about. you do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around. thats what its all about. whoo, hoo
jim:  thank you
michael:  woo! yeah
jim:  thanks, thanks dana
michael:  thank you very much
michael:  hilarious. hey
pam:  what did you guys talk about
jim:   just you know politics, literature
pam:  i hate you
dwight:  quick oscar update. i have conducted interviews with everyone in the office
michael:  just go to his house and see if hes sick. i could have done this investigation in like twenty minutes
dwight:  including prep time
michael:  just do it
ryan:  if i had to i could clean out my desk in five seconds and nobody would ever know i had ever been here.and id forget too
michael:   expenses
kevin:  michael is that a wig
michael:  no. its… i wear it like that sometimes. is that a wig
kevin:  no
angela:  this is from hooters
michael:  yeah, its a business lunch
angela:  did toby approve this
michael:  no he did not. i dont need his permission
toby:  you just got your corporate credit card back. do you really want me to take it away again
michael:  uhhh its ridiculous. they took my card away because i spent $80 bucks at a magic shop. what they dont understand is that i bought the stuff to impress potential clients. so business related, right
michael:  i put a cigarette through a freakin quarter.and you know what toby? they almost bought from us
toby:  im not processing this
michael:  look jim needed a relaxing lunch, he has been depressed and it has been affecting his productivity.how is that not work related
toby:  he seems fine to me
michael:  youre not his friend, you dont know. he is in love with a girl he works with whos engaged.so just cut me some slack. please
kelly:  pam
phylis:  angela who would you choose jim or roy
angela:  its nobodys business, phyllis. roy
kevin:  jim has got it bad for pam
creed:  oh ho!which one is pam
kevin:  well shes the… hey michael so do you think jim will try to break up the wedding
michael:  you know what kevin? jim is a friend of mine, so the only people that this crush really concerns is jim and pam… and me
dwight:  as a volunteer sheriffs deputy i have been doing surveillance for years.one time i suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me.so i tailed her for six straight nights.turns out she was, with a couple of guys actually so… mystery solved
kelly:  jim, why didnt you tell me you had a crush on pam
jim:  well the cats out of the bag. i used to have a crush on pam and now i  dont. riveting
kevin:  nice… she is 
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  did you find anything good in your desk
jim:  ah, coupon for a free sandwich
pam:  score
jim:  it expired in august, and my cell phone charger from two years ago
pam:  big day
jim:  big day
jim:  hey oh, listen, um, i told michael on the booze cruise. its so stupid. um, i told michael that i had had a crush on you when you first started here
pam:  oh
jim:  well i thought that, i figured you should hear it from me rather than, i mean you know michael
pam:  right
jim:  and seriously, its totally not a big deal, ok? and when i found out you were engaged, i mean
pam:  no, i know, like, i kind of like, i thought that maybe you did when i first started
jim:  oh you did
pam:  no, i mean, just cause we like got along so well
jim:  no, no, you saw through me, great
pam:  so are you going to be like totally awkward around me now
jim:  oh yeah, yeah… hope thats okay
pam:  mmm, hmm
jim:  and pam it was like three years ago so i am totally over it
pam:  cool
jim:  ok
dwight:  stay low… this is it… there he is. hes been gone for at least two hours. who is that? come to papa… oh yes. lets roll. i knew it! you are so busted. ice skates, shopping bags? i think i know whats going on here. you werent sick at all
gil:  whos this
dwight:  this is dwight schrute. who is this
gil:  gil
oscar:  are you going to tell michael
dwight:  how bout this. i dont tell michael and in exchange you owe me one great big giant favor.redeemable by me at a time and place of my choosing
dwight:  guess what i found out about oscar tonight? he was lying about being sick. should i have reported oscars malfeasance. hmm, probably, but now i know something he doesnt want me to know. so i can use his malfeasance to establish leverage.otherwise, its just malfeasance for malfeasanceses-ses sake
jim:  hey
michael:  i know, i know, i know
jim:  umm, what happened
michael:  i, oh, just, um, i know i was trying to, expense reports. and then god, toby, you know he just… i know. im just, i just hope that, i just hope that  this doesnt affect our friendship! stupid, this is so stupid
jim:  hey, hey, wow, wow. listen man its, you know what. its not a big deal
michael:  ok, im fine, no i know, im good, im good, its just
jim:  look its one day, everythings gonna be alright. no big deal. you good
michael:  yeah im good
jim:  good
ryan:  creed did you organize the menu book
creed:  oh, i thought that was more on a volunteer basis
ryan:  no, that was mandatory
creed:  oh, i thought it was a volunteer thing
pam:  hey, heres your schedule for next week. are you okay
michael:  yeah im fine. look, about you and jim
pam:  oh, no, thats, you dont have to
michael:  no, i feel its my responsibility as your boss slash friend
pam:  no, really, its okay. i know that jim had, like a crush on me when he first started. but that was a long time ago, so
michael:  it wasnt that long ago. it was on the booze cruise
pam:  jim had a crush on me on the booze cruise or he told you about it on the booze cruise
michael:  yehhh, okay, shuuttt it michael. im done. thats it. im out
jim:  ready
pam:  yep
michael:  people are always coming to me. “michael, i have a secret.your the only one i trust.” no thanks, because keeping a secret can only lead to trouble. like i was watching cinemax last weekend.this movie, portrait of a… prostitute something. secrets of a call… more secrets of a call girl. and the lead character, shila, is framed for murder. she goes on the run and winds up working at a bordello in malibu. i dont, i dont want to live like that. i like it here. i dont want to be shila, i like being michael scott
michael:  hello. pammy want a cracker
pam:  no thanks. you got a package
michael:  oh, pam with the dirty talk.
dwight:  and hes lining it up. seems pretty straightforward from here. if michael scott sinks it, hell win a buick signed by tiger woods
michael:  oh
dwight:  he totally misses
michael:  no, he meant to put it right next to the hole, thats much harder to do
dwight:  interception. he shoots, he scores, yeah! michael, try it like this. thisll be much harder
michael:  no, no, no, no. i dont want to chip my mug. please get that off the floor.
michael:  all right. jack nicholson for birdie
dwight:  jack nicholas
michael:  its a celebrity tournament
dwight:   i got it. no problem.
michael:  do you see it
dwight:  oh, man, its really back there
michael:  do you feel it
dwight:  yeah. i can barely…
michael:   god… damn it, dwight! thats great
dwight:  should i clean out my desk
michael:   that wont be necessary
dwight:  dont be fooled by the phrase “dust bunnies.” they are vicious little bitches and if they get inside your disc drive, god help you. they will bring your computer to its knees. they sit in corners hatching, defecating, laying eggs. and their sole purpose in life is to eat dead skin, which humans in this office shed by the boat load. especially creed
michael:  look at all them out there, my little worker bees buzzing away
dwight:  if theyre the worker bees, youre the queen bee
michael:  no, i am the king bee
dwight:  queens higher
michael:  no, king is higher. then ace. i am the ace bee
ryan:  people magazine, crossword puzzle, keep or toss
michael:  keep. i will finish that later
ryan:  its from 99
michael:  yeah, i know when its from, ryan
ryan:  18 across. mary-kate and ashley blank.” michael wrote, “judd?
michael:  yeah, i rushed a few fraternities, but you know what? i dont believe in paying for friendships. so, i made a decision not to accept any offers. and fortunately none were made. which was good, so nobodys feelings got hurt
dwight:  temp, shouldnt you be monitoring the progress of peoples cleaning efforts
ryan:  everything seems pretty much under control
dwight:  yeah. well, id hate to see it blow up in your face
ryan:  how would
dwight:  lets table that. so, temp… you seem to be pretty close to this oscar
ryan:  not really
dwight:  getting defensive
ryan:  no
dwight:  you seem a little nervous. you shouldnt be
michael:  thank you, dana
dana:  sure
michael:  keep the change. here you go buddy, happy birthday
jim:  wow. thanks
michael:  youre welcome
jim:  no, you what, seriously, you should have it
michael:  no, no, no, no. i have the long sleeve. and actually, you know what we should do? we should wear them tomorrow to work, itll be hysterical
jim:  oh, tomorrow, thats gonna be tough cause i already laid out my outfit, so
michael:  okay, tuesday. whenever. youd better try it on, make sure it fits
