jan:  so, im happy to be here.its very nice to see all of you. youre all looking well
pam:  todays a ‘women in the workplace thing. jans coming in from corporate to talk to all the women about… um… i dont really know what. but michaels not allowed in. she said that about five times
jan:  women today, though we have the same options as men, we often face a very different set of obstacles in getting there. so…
michael:   hey, whats going on
jan:  michael… i thought we agreed you wouldnt be here
michael:  yeah… i… you know what… i… i… i just thought about it. i just have a few things i want to say
jan:  what are you doing
michael:  hold… just hear me out. what is more important than quality? e-quality. now studies show that todays woman, the ally mcbeal woman, as i call her, is at a crossroads…
jan:  michael
michael:  no, just uh… you have come a long way, baby.but i just… just want to keep it within reason
jan:  michael
michael:  they did this up in albany…
jan:  you are not allowed in this session
michael:  and they ended up turning the break room into a lactation room which is disgusting so…
jan:  now youre really not allowed in this session
michael:  well, im their boss, so i feel like…
jan:  im your boss
michael:   anybody want any coffee or
jan:  were fine, michael. we just need you to leave, please
michael:  women in the workplace… yeah, translation “i have been banned from my own conference room so that jan can talk in secret to all the girls.” oh! sorry. ‘women of the workplace. about what? i dont know. clothes. me. eeegkh
jan:  ladies, i am so, so sorry. can we start again? we were on such a roll. i… i… really apologize
pam:  jan
jan:  yes, pam
pam:  michaels still at the door
jan:  michael
jan:   so one obstacle is how assertiveness is perceived differently in men and women. men who are assertive will be admired. theyre called… anyone
dwight:  its a terrible idea
jim:  what is
dwight:  them in there all together. if they stay in there too long theyre going to get on the same cycle. wreak havoc on our plumbing
michael:  everyone. guys. circle up, please. come on over. bring your chairs. toby, come on over. youre a guy… too… sort of. lets do this
michael:   well, first of all, i, uh, just want to warm up a little bit. lets just clap
michael:  lets just clap. ready?  yeah! yeah
dwight:  yeah
michael:  thats what im talking about
jan:  i dont know what youre doing here, michael
michael:  just having a little ‘guys in the workplace thing
jan:  … but its very destructive
michael:  why cant boys play with dolls? why does society force us to use urinals when sitting down is far more comfortable
jan:  can you please do this somewhere else, michael
michael:  we have nowhere else jan. this…
dwight:  we could do it in the warehouse
jan:  dwight, excellent idea. go to the warehouse
michael:  ok, ok, fine. yeah, actually, perfect. perfect. you know what? theres another side to this place, gentleman. and i know we all love our cushy jobs and our fun, exciting office. but do you realize that underneath us, theres another world. the warehouse world. a world that is teeming with sweat and dirt and life. life. the bowels of the office. these guys are down there, they are real men doing real mans work. we are going to learn how a warehouse works
michael:  oh, i think its going to work out great. because managing the warehouse is a very important part of my job. and i havent been there in months
dwight:  remember on lost when they met the others
jan:  im so sorry about that… um… so where were we? pam, are you okay taking notes then
pam:  mmmhmm
jan:  please? thank you. very much
michael:  so lets meet the warehouse! lets get some shots. pan around there. this is darryl, one of our warehouse staff. darryl, what is your biggest fear
darryl:  my biggest fear is that someone will distract us from getting all the shipments out on time
michael:  you know, darryl is actually the foreman here and not roy, which is cool. theres roy riding the big rig. so roy is actually going to be marrying pam sometime this summer. and… uh, shes our receptionist. sort of a brangelina thing
roy:  why
michael:  brangelina is the brad pitt and angelina… roy…
roy:  i dont understand
michael:  roy and pam. its a ram. its a ram thing
kevin:   i bet roy heard about you liking pam. i bet hell try to beat you up
jim:  thanks for the heads up, kev
kevin:  ive got your back if he does. but try to stay out of it
michael:   uhhuhhuh. just in case theres someone down here who shouldnt be. a little “good will hunting” situation. all right. troops. this is an important day. big day. now you may look around and see two groups here. white collar. blue collar. but i dont see it that way. and you know why not? because i am collar-blind
jan:  why dont we go around the table and all say something that we know were good at. i will start. i am good at public speaking
meredith:  hi. im meredith and im an alch… good at supplier relations
jan:  great. phyllis
phyllis:  im good at computer stuff, emails, spreadsheets, all that
angela:   really
phyllis:  i dont know. i thought that i wasnt going to be asked that…
jan:  no. okay. stop. go on…
angela:  ive seen some of your spreadsheets
phyllis:  really? i thought they were pretty
pam:  i dont know how i fit in with these women. here. or with jan. um… i mean we get along great. fine. um… i guess the person i have the most in common with is
roy:  jim… halpert. hey uh, i, uh, you know heard theres a rumor going around about you used to have a crush on pam
jim:  oh, no, no. no
roy:  no, its cool, because i know youre a good guy. and i know that that crush ended a long time ago, so… you know. were cool, right
jim:  yeah. nope. yeah. definitely
roy:  you know, its great with me cause that way, glad she has a friend at work she can get through the day with. shes not all bap bap bap bap when she gets home
jim:  yeah. i like talking to her too
roy:  so, were cool, right
jim:  yes. yeah
roy:  all right
jim:  yep. cool, man
roy:  sweet
kevin: 
darryl:  hey, mike, look. how bout we go upstairs, too. you know learn how the office works. we can all switch places today
michael:  oh… well… okay… yeah, you know what? i dont think… you.. youre… my job sucks compared to this. i dont think youd like it up there
darryl:  the experience…
michael:  guys! want to start unloading the truck
dwight:  okay. lets go. step up
michael:  check this out! look at that! look at that  bwup-bwa!  hello! how are…  oh! kay. that is great. that is good stuff
meredith:  in five years, id like to be… five years sober
jan:  that is an excellent goal
meredith:  four and a half
kelly:  ill tell you one thing. i am not going to be one of those women schlepping her kids around in a minivan
jan:  great! uh-huh
kelly:  i want an suv… with three rows of seats
women: 
jan:  well, ill be honest. one of the goals of these women seminars is to feel out if theres any standouts. women who could be a valuable addition to our corporate life
dwight:  michael wants us to bond so we need topics for conversation
jim:  ponies
dwight:  no
ryan:  how about rainbows
dwight:  no
jim:  flowers
darryl:  its dangerous, michael. come on, get off this
michael:  hey, youre going to, going to hurt yourself
darryl:  mike
michael:  stand clear
darryl:  mike. get off of the lift. please. come on now
michael:  im fine, im fine. im fine
darryl:  look, would ya… look
michael:  oh, oh, oh!well get somebody to clean that up
darryl:  were the ones that got to clean that up
lonny:  dammit, michael
michael:  we ought to have this thing serviced
michael:  so! guys gripe session. here we are. now, we definitely live in different worlds but we have a lot in common. we even like the same girls, some of us. thats going to happen, you know. were guys, so…
madge:  hey, do you want me to go
michael:  no, why? why would i… ? you could…
madge:  ill go
michael:  stay or
phyllis:  …and a big walk-in closet
meredith:  oh, thats part of my dream too
kelly:  oh, me too
jan:  great, great. and pam, what about you? what is your dream
pam:  well… i always dreamed of a house with a terrace upstairs. plant flowers on it… stuff like that. since i was a girl. um… more seriously though, a husband that i love… roy. and i love to draw. and i… i did a little in college and id still love to do something where i could work with art or graphic design in some way
phyllis:  shes real good
pam:  thanks
jan:  you know the company is offering a design training program in new york
pam:  well… i have a job right now, so i cant really take time off…
jan:  well, its only on weekends and then a few weeks in new york, but im sure that i could ask corporate to help you out
pam:  well… its just that the weekends arent good because, um
jan:  there are always a million reasons not to do something
michael:  lets start with the warehouse. what bothers you as guys, you know
darryl:  my priority is safety
michael:  ok
darryl:  so it really bothers me when somebody comes in here speeding around on a lift, playing with it like a toy. it kind of gets under my skin
michael:  ok, yeah. yeah. yeah shhh
darryl:  uh uh uh. dont shush me
michael:  i… that was just…
darryl:  that bothers me too
michael:  i was breathing
roy:  pam shushes me. it drives me crazy
michael:  i hate shushing. you know, thats the thing! what the… ok… what is our beef as human men
lonny:  you know thats a good question, hasselhoff. what bugs us
michael:  ok. alright. good. guys ragging on each other. thats what guys do… and we love it
jan:  all right. lets talk about clothing
phyllis:  im excited about today.  i love girl talk
jan:  dress for the job you want, not the job you have. all right. you can use your clothing to send a message about your ambitions by wearing clothes that reflect what you aspire to be
angela:  im not gaining anything from this seminar. im a professional woman. the head of accounting. im in the healthiest relationship of my life. i just think its insulting that jan thinks we need this. and, apparently, judging from her outfit, jan aspires to be a whore
roy:  i hate it when girls insist on taking them out to new restaurants every weekend night and then theyre like “when are we going to go on a date-date?
guy:  i hate that too!
darryl:  i hate that too
kevin:  that sucks so much
guy:  it totally sucks
dwight:  yeah and then they make you drive them to church the next morning. like “gas aint free!
lonny:  yeah, on our salaries, man, what do they expect? you know to take us out every weekend? you know what i mean? were not millionaires
michael:  i feel you
darryl:  no, you dont. you dont feel us. how can you? you know what
dwight:  not literally
darryl:  you say were the same, but we get compensated very differently
michael:  yes
darryl:  we work the same hours as you and you just said we work a lot harde
michael:  ah, you do. so…
darryl:  but we get paid a lot less
dwight:  word
roy:  like next to no benefits
michael:  i know. god! what is that
roy:  exactly
michael:  it blows. it blows, man. gah…
darryl:  you know this would not happen if we had a union
roy:  thats what im talking about
michael:  no. whoa, whoa. yeah
roy:  absolutely
darryl:  thats what we need
guy:  you know youre right
darryl:  man, see… thats what ive been sayin, man. we need to do this finally
michael:  you know what? is that necessary? because you already sorta have a union… of guys
darryl:  its more than necessary, mike. we need this. roy? you still have that card from the dockworkers union
roy:  in my truck
michael:  dockworkers
darryl:  man, hook you up
men: 
guy:  come on, man
michael:  yeah. you know what? i think the problem is the chicks
darryl:  union! union, yeah
michael:  the problem is the chicks. and you gotta blame them
darryl:  are you with us mike
michael:  yeah-es
darryl:  welcome to the warehouse
group chant:  michael, michael, michael, mi
jan:  another issue is inequality of pay between men and women. im sure that all of you have felt that before…
michael:   this is important. ladies, take a breather. jan, i uh wanna… can i help you? um… i wanted to say that the guys downstairs are thinking about forming a union. and they have some good points…
jan:  what? a union! what…
michael:  dont get hysterical
jan:  im not
michael:  part of my job is knowing how to talk to women
michael:  lets… be… rational… here. what are the pros? what are the cons
jan:  the cons are that everyone will lose their job. michael. everyone. office, warehouse. what do you think… the… pros… are… here
michael:  dont talk to me that way please. just… theyre going to want to hear this from you
jan:  you got yourself into this michael, so you get yourself out
michael:  but were bonding down there
jan:  thats too bad
michael:  i mean i just dont want to have to tell them something theyre not going to want to hear
jan:  i dont want to
michael:  ok. come on jan. after all weve been through…
jan:  michael! michael! michael
michael:  we have a history…
jan:  michael
michael:  …between us
jan:  dont say another word
michael:  i won
jan:  get yourself down stairs
michael:  im just saying we have something… ok. whatever
ryan:  you know what… we could get this done a lot quicker if we formed a type of assembly line
stanley:  this here is a run-out-the-clock situation. just like upstairs
jan:  sports metaphors are one of the ways women feel left out of the language of the office. now, i know this might sound silly but a … many women ask to go over it. so… fumble means…
phyllis:  mistake
meredith:  slip
jan:  right. par for the course is a golf term. it means right on track. below par means worse. wait… that should mean better, that doesnt make sense
kelly:  what about second base? like if michael said that he got to second base with you? does that mean you like closed a deal
jan:  excuse me
kelly:  i mean thats a baseball term, right
jan:  i dont know what michael was talking about. i dont know
kelly:   …and you went to chilis and he got to second base with you
jan:   kelly, i dont know what michaels talking about
kelly:   he told everybody so i just want to know is that a baseball term…
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  hows it going down there
jim:  its a complete… well, actually its exactly what youd expect, so… how are the girls
pam:  good. we watched a video about our changing bodies
jim:  did you really
pam:  no.
jim:  oh
pam:  almost
jim:  good
pam:  um… but hey? something kind of cool. theres this internship in graphic design that jan was telling us about. she made it sound, like, really great
jim:  nice. well, whats it all about
pam:  um
jim:  i think you should do it. thats great
pam:  its really cool
michael:  cold front coming into the warehouse. uh oh! better put on your ski boots! woohoohoowoo. waaaah! happy new year, darryl! hey,darryl. you ever done this
angela:  are you married
jan:  im divorced
phyllis:  that must have been hard
jan:  it was. yes
kelly:  you were probably feeling really depressed and sad and thats why you did that thing with michael
jan:  i think you should all spend a little more time thinking about your careers and less time on personal stuff
phyllis:  mmmm, i think were all okay with the balance weve struck
angela:  at least you dont have kids. you have no kids, right? thank god
jan:  okay. lets take five. i think we can all use five
kelly:  how can someone so beautiful be so sad
michael:  hi
jan:  did you take care of the situation
michael:  yuh, yuh, yes! i… i have essentially
jan:  excuse me
michael:  i have essentially. yes. ive taken some…
jan:  excuse me. ive been told theres been some interest in forming a union and that michael supported it. obviously hes not a friend of yours because he didnt tell you the facts. so let me. if there is even a whiff of unionizing in this branch, i can guarantee you the branch will be shut down like that . they unionized in pittsfield and we all know what happened in pittsfield. it will cost each of you a fortune in legal fees and union dues and that will be nothing compared to the cost of losing your jobs. so i would think long and hard before sacrificing your savings and your futures just to send a message. if you have any further questions you can direct them to… to michael
pam:  dreams are just that. theyre dreams. they help get you through the day. like the thing about the terrace. its nice but… um… i dont know. it was just something i read in this book when i was twelve. the girl in the book has a terrace outside of her bedroom and she planted flowers on it and i just loved that. just always kind of stuck with me
jim:  so youre not doing it
pam:  how did you know
jim:  why not
pam:  just like no big reason. just a bunch of little reasons
jim:  come on
pam:  roys right. theres no guarantee its going to lead to anything anyway
jim:  roy said that
pam:  what? you have something you want to say
jim:  you got to take a chance on something sometime, pam. i mean, do you want to be a receptionist here, always
pam:  oh, excuse me! im fine with my choices
jim:  you are
pam:  yeah
pam:  its impractical. im not going to try to get a house like that. um… they dont even make houses like that in scranton. so, im never going to… 
michael:  im just going to put this over there
darryl:  this is not a good idea right here
michael:  you did uh… okay
michael:  pizza. great equalizer. rich people love pizza.poor people love pizza.white people love pizza.black people love pizza.do black people like pizza
michael:  hey. um… look guys, im sorry. sometimes jan can be such a bitch
all the men:  generalized mumbling agreement. yeah
michael:  hey, watch it, watch it. we have a relationship
michael:  thank you to our hosts
darryl:  hey michael. this aint over
michael:  ahhh! excellent
michael:  is it good to be back. yeah. i mean i love the guy stuff but to run an office you need men and women. you know why? because you need to have that crazy sexual tension to keep things interesting
pam:  dunder mifflin. this is pam. uh… hold, please
michael:  oh! i dont know, pam. i paid $400 for this phone because i liked the ring
pam:  you did
michael:  and now, i realize that you can program or download any ring you want. so, im a little overwhelmed
pam:  yeah
michael:  theres a lot of choices. you got to help me here
pam: okay
michael:  which one of these is coolest? what do you think? 
pam:  how about that one
michael:  no, no.
jim:  oh, that one was good
michael:  dude, are you kidding me? no. that one says, “i am so lame.” know which one i want? theres one that sounds like a jackhammer. just really grabs your attention. its like…  you know what im talking about
jim:  do you mean vibrate
michael:  yes
roy:  bushmasters hard to beat for long distance. its a great point
dwight:  yeah. i got a spudgun in my car
roy:  really
dwight:  yeah. shoot a chuck of potato at your face, 80 psi, bon appetit
michael:  what are you guys talking about
dwight and roy:   guns
michael:  cool
roy:  hows that union stuff coming
michael:  working on it
roy:  yeah
michael:  yup
roy:  okay
michael:  all right
dwight:  guys! check it out! spudgun! woohoo! bon appetit!  sorry
darryl:  thats my office
dwight:  there was this film that i saw when i was little. it was about a kid who goes on the most incredible adventure. and even though it was really great, and she had a great time, she ends up back home in kansas and says, “theres no place like home.” and thats how i feel right now. there is no place like home. what the hell was that movie called?  its gonna drive me crazy
