oscar:  …lord of the rings trilogy, if you see it back to back, its really long.but its good
jim:   yeah, thats right
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam
michael:  pam! its michael.help me!i need help right now
pam:  michael, whats wrong
michael:  im hurt, i have hurt myself.oh my god
pam:  ok, wait wait wait wait…
michael:  ungh, this is not looking good pam
pam:  michael, do you need me to call an ambulance?
michael:  no, i want you to pick me up
jim:  what?
pam:  ok…
jim:  whats going on
pam:  wait a second, i thought you said that you were hurt
michael:  i am hurt. i hurt my foot
jim:  im sorry? pam.
pam: 
jim:  what is going on
michael:  i want to come to work.but i need you to come and pick me up.
michael:  oh god!
jim:  hey, whoa, michael…
michael:  oh god
jim:  its, okay, its jim.just say again, uh, really loudly what happened
michael:  ok, buhhhh, i burned my foot very badly on my foreman grill and i now need someone to come and bring me into work
jim:  you burned 
michael:  i enjoy having breakfast in bed.i like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me.and since i dont have a butler, i have to do it myself.so, most nights before i go to bed, i will lay six strips of bacon out on my george foreman grill.then i go to sleep.when i wake up, i plug in the grill, i go back to sleep again.then i wake up to the smell of crackling bacon.it is delicious, its good for me.its the perfect way to start the day.today i got up, i stepped onto the grill and it clamped down on my foot… thats it.i dont see whats so hard to believe about that
michael:  pam, could you come get me?
pam:  uh, i have to stay here and answer the phone.
michael:  ok, could someone come and get me please, ryan
phyllis:  michael, you should stay home and rest
michael:  theres no toilet paper here.could ryan… tell ryan to bring toilet paper.could you tell em that
kevin:  can you hop
michael:  i tried hopping, kevin, and i bumped my elbow against the wall and now my elbow has a protruberance.
michael:   no one wants to pick me up!
dwight:   what is going on? what is going on
pam:  michael, is, um, sick and he wants one of us to rescue him
michael:  im not sick! im burned
dwight:  im coming michael
jim:  oh…
dwight:  im gonna save you
michael:  dont… is that dwight?i do not want dwight
dwight:  hold on michael! i am coming! wait there
michael:  i dont want dwight
pam:  michael, why dont you call your girlfriend
michael:  i dont have a girlfriend
jim:  but you said that you went out with her this weekend
michael:  it was all made up.just someone come, ok?anyone.anyone but dwight
jim:   what was that…
pam:  what was that?!
jim:  oh
pam:  ohhhhhh
jim:  he hit the pole!
jim:  its broken right, he cant…
pam:  oh my gosh
jim:  oh dwight, dwight, ohhhhhh
jim and pam:  oh my god
pam:  is he ok
jim:  hes still driving… dwight, you forgot your bumper
michael:  hellooo? … please dont send dwight
michael:  morning everyone.dont freak out. i forbid anybody to freak out.clearly, i have had a very serious accident, but i will recover, god willing.i just want to be treated normally today.normal would actually be good, considering the trauma that ive been through
pam:  you missed two big conference calls today, one with corporate
michael:  did you explain why
pam:  no, i didnt mention that you cooked your foot
michael:  burned my foot, pam
michael:  please stop popping my cast.thank you
jim:  so, where are you shipping your foot
michael:  ha ha ha.so where are you shipping
dwight:  your foot
michael:  thank you.pam, messages please?
pam:  you didnt have any
michael:  really, well, it, uh, seemed very important to you earlier that you needed to stay and…
pam:  and do my job
michael:  no, your job is being my friend, pam.ow! god
dwight:  it slipped
michael:  what
dwight:  sorry
pam:  its just that before, you said that you didnt want any special treatment
michael:  i dont want any special treatment, pam. i just want you to treat me like you would some family member whos undergone some sort of serious physical trauma.i dont think thats too much to ask
pam:  do you want some aspirin, because you seem a little fussy
michael:  no, i dont want some aspirin, yeah im a little fussy.aspirins not gonna do a damn thing.im sitting here with a bloody stump of a foot
dwight:  hey, pam, im assistant regional manager, and i can take care of him. part of my duties are to
michael:  what?part of your duties are to what
dwight:  what
michael:  you just said “part of your duties are to” something
dwight:  no, i didnt
michael:  yes, you did.what is wrong with you
dwight:  what is wrong with 
michael:  where is my cornbread
ryan:  here you go
michael:  thank you.did you get all dark meat like i like
ryan:  yes. i ordered three full rotisserie chickens worth of all dark meat
michael:  where are the yams
ryan:  they were out of yams.i got you creamed spinach
michael:  did you go to the one in stroudsburg
ryan:  yes
michael:  and they had no yams
ryan:  they had no yams
michael:  how strange.because they always have yams
dwight:  aw, man, is that a prism duro-sport
pam:  youve seen one of these
dwight:  yeah, theyre like an i-pod only theyre better cause theyre chunkier and more solid
pam:  roy gave it to me for christmas.im trying to figure out how to put songs on it
dwight:  oh, no no no.dont go there.i know this russian website where you can download songs for two cents a piece
pam:  really
dwight:  yeah, ill write down the address for you.only, the only thing is, is that all the songs are in russian. … kidding
pam:  oh! ha, haha
dwight:  why would they all be…?ok, see you later, pan
pam:  pan
michael:  pam… paaam!
pam:  oh, god
pam:   what
michael:  come here please
pam:  tell me before i come there
michael:  i want you to rub butter on my foot
pam:  no
michael:  pam, please?i have country crock
pam:  no
michael:  uh, ow.ryan! … ryaaaaan … ryyyyan
dwight:  these covers are totally indestructible.
pam:  really
dwight:  yeah. throw it.i promise it wont break.chuck it.
dwight:  oh no, its broken
pam:  what?
dwight:  no, its fine.i told you it wouldnt break.you could throw it all day long
pam:  that is so cool.thanks dwight
dwight:  yep
jim:  so, i guess pam and dwight are friends now
pam:  oh god no, dwight isnt my friend… oh my god!dwights kind of my friend
michael:  no, nope, no one is helping me out at all mom.no, im not gonna call jan.shed just worry… drive down here and make a big thing… who told you that?no, it was mutual.what is pam doing chatting with you
dwight:  huh. do you like candy
angela:  its alright
dwight:  cause youre sweeter than candy
angela:  what is wrong with you?
angela:  hey
toby:  wow, you just dive right into it
ryan:  you know, around age twelve, i just started goin for it
michael:   no! guh! ow! awww, help, help me
toby:  what, what happened
michael:  i fell off the toilet.im caught between the toilet and the wall
toby:  what do you need
michael:  ugh, not you.someone else.get pam
toby:  i dont think pams gonna want to come into the mens room
michael:  get ryan.he needs to lift me.  and he needs to clean me up a little bit.bring a wet towel
toby:  ryan, is, uh, dead
michael:  no, hes not.
toby:  dead
michael:  i just saw him
toby:  no.cant, cant you just get up yourself?i… you only grilled your foot
michael:  ugh, forget it.ill just get up myself.no!uh, aaaahhh!ah!oh god
jim:  do you think dwights bein a little weird today
pam:  no, hes actually been really nice and helpful
jim:  and that isnt weird
pam:  wow…
michael:  can i have everyones attention please?phyllis, oscar, ryan, whos supposed to be dead, can i ask you all a question?do you all know what its like to be disabled?oscar
phyllis:  um, i had scoliosis as a girl
michael:  no, never heard of it.no, a 
creed:  when i was a teenager, i was in an iron lung
michael:  wuh, how, how old are you? look, the point is, i am the only one here who has a legitimate disability, although im sure stanley has had his fair share of obstacles
stanley:  im not disabled and neither are you
michael:  ok,  what does this look like to you stanley?
stanley:  mailboxes, etc
michael:  shuuut it, ok, well, well you know what, disabilities are not things to be laughed at or laughed about.you people are jerks.imagine if you had left stevie wonder on the floor of that bathroom instead of me
phyllis:  oh, we wouldnt.we love stevie wonder
michael:   i burned my foot!!!ok, twenty minutes, conference room, everybodys in there
dwight:   dad
michael:  while we are waiting for our special guest to arrive, i wanted you all to take a look at a few of the many, many disabled icons who have contributed so much to our society
jim:  quick question: uh, why is tom hanks on the wall
ryan:  twice
michael:  good question.forrest gump: mentally challenged, philadelphia : aids
kevin:  i think thats from big
michael:  i dont think so, no
kelly:  yeah, hes dancing on a piano with robert loggia
michael:  he grew into a man overnight.rare disability, still works.  a crossword puzzle stanley, seriously, are you learning nothing here
stanley:  uh hmmmm… 
michael:  what you mean uh hmmm… 
stanley:  i mean im learning nothing
michael:  ok
billy merchant:  michael scott, im looking for michael scott
michael:  yes, right in here, come on in
billy merchant:  great
michael:  this, ladies and gentlemen, is our special guest
billy merchant:  sorry im late.someone parked in the handicapped parking space
billy merchant:  hey everyone, im billy merchant, you may have seen me around here before, im the properties manager of this office par
michael:  you are so brave. you are so brave
billy merchant:  thank you. actually, ive been meaning to come by here for a long time…
michael:  but its hard for you! right? because youre in a wheelchair
billy merchant:  no, i just have a lot of properties to manage
michael:  let me ask you something, how long does it take for you to do something simple, every day, like brush your teeth in the morning
billy merchant:  i dont know, like 30 seconds
michael:  oh my god, thats three times as long as it takes me
michael:  how did you get in your wheelchair
billy merchant:  this morning?just like every other morning, just climbed on in.
michael:  hey, hey, hey, not funny! not funny
billy merchant:  hey, hey, relax, just jokin around here
michael:  well, thats good, he still has a sense of humor
billy merchant:  listen, ive actually used a chair since i was four years old.i dont really notice it anymore
michael:  well they notice it.dont you?you notice it.its the first thing you saw when he rolled in here, isnt it
jim:  i want to clamp michaels face in a george foreman grill
billy merchant:  so, there are just a couple things i want to remind everybody of…
michael:  ok…
billy merchant:  first is parking.you cant block the freight entrance with your car, even if your blinkers are on.does anybody have any questions? yes. yeah? yes…
pam:  dwight, you have your hand up
michael:  ignore him.you know what?were not that different, you and i.when i clamped my foot into a non-stick…
billy merchant:  you know what michael
michael:  yeah…
billy merchant:  let me stop you right there
michael:  ok
billy merchant:  and leave
michael:  did you see born on the fourth of july?i was under the impression that billy would be more like that guy
billy merchant:  whats wrong with that guy
jim:  you mean today?he stepped on a george foremen grill and he burned his foot
billy merchant:  no, not michael.the moon-faced kid who crashed into the pole.he looks like he has a concussion
michael:   hey
ryan:  i found the pudding cups you wanted in a gas station in carbondale
michael:  you did it!look at you, and with the plate and the napkin.very nice.thank you, ryan
ryan:  you are very welcome
michael:  did you get the yams
ryan:  no, the gas station in carbondale did not have fresh yams
michael:   ok, ill just have the pudding
ryan:  you sure
michael:  yeh
ryan:  ok
michael:  you know what?i feel better.ryan brought me some chocolate pudding and his kindness healed my foot
michael:  yeah, baby, i am feelin better.my bodys literally healing itself.it is amazing what the human body is capable of when you have a powerful brain
ryan:  i ground up four extra-strength aspirin and put them in michaels pudding.i do the same thing with my dog to get him to take his heartworm medicine
michael:  uh, finally feel the blood coursing through my foot veins
dwight:  uh, ugh, ohhhh…
jim:  uh, ok, i think we need to take him to the hospital because im pretty sure he has a concussion
michael:  oh, now you feel some compassion for him
angela:  he needs to go right now, and youre his emergency contact.i think that you should go with him
michael:  why dont you go with him
angela:  i, barely know him…
dwight:  i want michael to take me…
michael:  i cant take you, i dont have my car and yours is all vomity
meredith:  you can take my van
michael:  oh, ok, thats, great.no, i cant drive.jim why dont you drive
jim:  fine
michael:  well go.im still recovering. so lets just, ryan, could you get my coat please
jim:  slowly, slowly.lets just get to the elevator
dwight:  choo choo choo choo choo choo…
jim:  what are you doing?what, stop…
dwight:  vietnam sounds
jim:   stop, stop, stop, stop
dwight:  tired…
jim:  you cant lay down
dwight:  want to take a rake… 
jim:  wake up. 
dwight:  ahh
pam:  dwight, here, let me help you dwight
jim:  im just gonna get…
dwight:  ok, pam, thanks
pam:  get up, get up
dwight:  youre the best
pam:  yeah
jim:  just keep him awake
dwight:  it smells like chicken soup
pam:  i know
dwight:  i have to go to the hospital
pam:  i know
dwight:  where we going
pam:  i just want to say goodbye ok
dwight:  ill be back, i mean…
pam:  yes, i know, but its gonna be different
dwight:  why
pam:  its just hard to explain
dwight:  aw, pam, youre adorable
pam:  oh my goodness
dwight:  
pam:  come here
dwight:  oh, huggy hugs
michael:  shotgun
jim:  you dont think you should sit in the back with dwight
michael:  the rules of shotgun are very simple and very clear.the first person to shout “shotgun” when youre within the sight of the car gets the front seat.thats howthe games played.there are no exceptions for someone with a concussion
michael:  oh, god, a mini-van.what is merediths problem
jim:  well, i think she has a kid
michael:  well, yeah she has one kid, no husband.shes not gonna find one driving this thing around
dwight:  where are we going
jim:  come on, get inside
dwight:  where are we going
jim:  were going to chuck e. cheese
michael:  chuck e. cheese?oh, god, im so sick of chuck e. cheese
jim:  were going to the hospital, michael
michael:  i know, just sayin
michael:  dwight, what are you drinking
dwight:  i found it under the seat
jim:  oh my god, dwight, put that down
dwight:  im thirsty
jim:  give the bottle to michael
dwight:  no
jim:  give the bottle to michael
dwight:  im thirsty
michael:  give it to me
dwight:  no
michael:  dwight…  you just keep your eyes on the road. give me the bottle or youre fired
dwight:  you cant fire me, i dont work in this van
michael:  give it to me dwight
dwight:  no.
michael:  give me the bottle!
jim:   will you stop
michael:  gimme the bottle, dwight
jim:  michael stop
dwight:   mmmmm
michael:  just give it!
jim:  michael stop.
michael:  stop, stop it! stop spraying!  gimme the bottle
jim:  stop
dwight:  my eyes
michael:  stop spraying me!gimme the bottle
dwight:  my eyes
michael:  dwight, what is your middle name
dwight:  danger
michael:   something with a “k”
jim:  its kurt.wow, i am so sad that i know that
michael:  what do i write under “reason for visit”
jim:  concussion.  what did you write
michael:  nothing.i wrote “bringing someone to the hospital”
jim:  so you thought they meant your reason for coming to the hospital
michael:  no… you know what jim, this isnt about me anymore.i made a miraculous recovery, which is more than i can say for him.
jim:  come on dwight.
dwight:  hi michael
michael:  hi dwight
dwight:  ahhh.mweeha
michael:  doctor, what is more serious, a head injury or a foot injury
doctor:  a head injury
michael:  well, you dont have all the information. the foot as been fairly severely burned and healed quickly, very quickly, actually like suspiciously quickly
doctor:   so, im ordering a cat scan
dwight:  what is that
michael:  look since you have the machine up and running, can i just stick my foot, we take a look
doctor:  well, for a burn, you really just need to look at the outside of the foot
michael:  ok, what kinda machine is that
doctor:  does the skin look red and swollen
dwight:  thats what she said
michael:  thats my joke, damnit dwight
lab tech:  ok, no electronics past this point.camera, sound equipment…
michael:  its ok, theyre with me
lab tech:  no metal of any kind
michael:  alright, well, i guess this is where we leave you off
dwight:  i dont want to do this
michael:  uh, well you should of thought of before you crashed your head on your way to pick me up.well, see you when you get out
dwight:  oh
michael:  fine. fine
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam
jim:  dunder mifflin, this is jim.
pam:  oh my god, what is going on, is dwight ok
jim:  uh hmm, he should be fine, but, uh, they brought him in for a cat scan
pam:  i cant believe hes getting a cat scan
jim:  michael went in there with him too.its pretty sweet
pam:  really? michael went in with him?
jim:  uh huh
pam:  wow
jim:  but they shouldnt be much longer now, so well be back soon
pam:  ok, thats uh, good news  uh, yeah, no ill let you go
jim:  ok
pam:  ok. bye
jim:  bye
pam:  hey, oscar
oscar:  whats up, pam
pam:  i just wanted to let you that dwights gonna be ok.the doctor said theres a really simple treatment for a concussion, so hell probably even be back at work tomorrow
oscar:  ok…
pam:  i just, uh, thought youd want to know that
lab tech:  ok mr. schrute, inhale with me on three.one, two, uh sir?  stop that. stop. stop that
oscar:   you should put butter on it
michael:  uh, thats what she said.see, havent lost my sense of humor.no, no need, it was a non-stick grill
jim:  ive had a foreman grill for about six years, ive done about 85% of my cooking on it, but ive never burnt myself, probably because i dont use it as a pillow
michael:  i always keep a stash of bubble wrap at my house.some days, hectic, tiring days, i just like to go home and zone out and click on the tube and pop a few.very soothing. want to try
jim:  you know, thats probably not gonna last too long, you should go to a hospital and get a real cast
michael:  right, im gonna spend the day in the hospital, bujehh.bureaucracy and germs
jim:  and doctors
michael:  yes, so, no thank you
dwight:  pssht
michael:  what
dwight:  constructing a home-made cast?genius.filled with foresight.like in the pioneer times, if you lost a leg, they would then use the bone of the leg for a cane.they wasted nothing
michael:  wow, i dont want to hear… you talk.pam, could i have a word with you in my office? oh, oh, oh.alright
ryan:  my assignment is to make a temporary disabled parking permit for michael scott
angela:  ooo! who made popcorn?
toby:   well you know, frankly a lot of us have been saying this for a long time
michael:  yeah, ive been sayin that
toby:  yeah, and i, uh, i think that the very fact that were including it in our agenda frankly, is a big step forward
michael:  did you know i used to be in hr
toby:  im sorry
michael:  i used to be in hr.i was a hell raiser
toby:  uh, ok.
michael:  right? 
toby:  uh, great.why dont we move on
michael:  alright. movin on
toby:  great.because you that i think the very fact that
michael:  ry-an.youre here.whatcha got, whatcha got?alright, panic room, maverick, nell, sommersby, the accused.wheres little man tate
ryan:  they were out
michael:  oh come on
ryan:  at three different places
michael:  oh man.its not a jodie foster afternoon without little man tate, buddy
michael:  mmm, im telling you the best cure in the world is comfort food.you know how they say “stuff a cold”?well i dont care youve got, the flu, lyme disease, emphysema, you eat an entire dark meat chicken, you can walk on the moon
dwight:  look, i feel fine.as a volunteer sheriffs deputy i have been trained to notice all the signs of a concussion.one of them is slurred speech, ok?number three, shortness of breath.there are four things you have to remember.one: i am faster than 80% of all snakes.also
doctor:  we need to get your friend into the ct machine
dwight:  into a machine?!ok. uh, thats bad, will you stay with me
michael:  no
dwight:  ok, will you please call my cousin mose
michael:  no, im not calling your weirdo cousin.twenty-seven years old, never left the beet farm.
dwight:  oh god.oh god
michael:  guh-od
dwight:  oh god
michael:  ok, ill stand near you
dwight:  next to me
michael:  next-ish
jim:  im gonna pull the car around
michael:  shh shh shh shh
jim:  do you speak spanish
michael:  no. do you
jim:  no, i dont
