michael:  so, phil recruited me to sell these cards, and now i am recruiting you
oscar:  who is this guy again
michael:  dont worry about phil. he drives a corvette. he is doing just fine. okay. calling cards are… the wave of the future. these things sell themselves.
ryan:  who uses calling cards anymore
michael:  you know what? thats a nice attitude, ryan, im just helping you invest in your future, my friend.
oscar:  this sounds like a get rich quick scheme
michael:  yes! thank you! you will get rich quick. we all will
toby:  didnt you lose a lot of money on that other investment, the one from the email
michael:  you know what, toby? when the son of the deposed king of nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you help! his father ran the freaking country, okay? …alright, so, raise your hand if you wanna get rich.  alright
jim:  no, um. how is this not a pyramid scheme?
michael:  alright, let me explain. again.  phil has recruited me and another guy. now, we are getting three people each. the more people that get involved, the more who are investing, the more money were all going to make. its not a pyramid scheme, it is a… its not even a scheme per se, its…  … i have to go make a call
pam:  happy birthday michael
michael:  oh ho ho! what
pam:  i said happy birthday
michael:  thank you! thats really nice
michael:  today is my b-day, and people around here just go crazy for it. i dont know why. oh! fun fact. i share my birthday with eva longoria. so, i have a 
michael:  whats up
jim:  hey. …oh, happy birthday
michael:  ah, thank you sir
meredith:  did you hear anything yet
kevin:  no. im still waiting
michael:   yeah
dwight:  yes. there he is, the birthday boy
michael:  ohh, god
dwight:  birthday hug
michael:  no no no, no, new suit, please.
dwight:  that suit is amazing
michael:  thank you very much. it is from italy.  actually— no, bulgaria
dwight:  mmm. maybe i should get one.
michael:  good luck. one of a kind.
dwight:  ebay. hm. question! may i be in charge of the party planning festivities
michael:  not necessary, the party planning committee is all over it.theyve been working twenty-four seven all day yesterday
dwight:  excellent. on my part, i did manage to reserve the
michael:  dont! nope! please, dont want to spoil it for anybody. spoil the surprise
dwight:  lets get the party started.
michael:  lets get the party started.not the way i taught you!
phyllis:  when should we bring out the cake, one or one thirty
pam:  ones good
angela:  one thirty.  im sorry, are we boring you
dwight:  party planning committee, listen up. michael would like trick candles for his birthday cake, so make that a priority
phyllis:  where do we get those
dwight:  not my problem. here is a list of things that michael would like to be surprised by.
pam:  michael wants a strippergram?
dwight:  yes, but he doesnt want to know when, or whom
angela:  no. this is a closed door meeting
michael:   yeah
pam:  michael, i have jan on the line.
michael:  oh, great, put her through.
jan:  hello, michael
michael:  hey, you
jan:  im… returning your call, you said it was urgent.
michael:  it is urgent, i just wanted to call and wish you a happy birthday
jan:  well, todays not my birthday, so
michael:  really? ‘cause, i thought we had the same birthday
jan:  …happy birthday, michael
michael:  thanks.
jan:  am i on camera
michael:  nope. totally private. you can say whatever is in your heart.
michael:   …you can take a five, if you want
michael:  somebody brought in donuts for my birthday
stanley:  mmhmm, happy birthday
michael:  thanks
jim:  man, im so sorry. when do you find out
kevin:  they said this afternoon. theyre waiting on a second opinion
jim:  oh, okay
kelly:  second opinion on what
kevin:  um, i might have skin cancer
kelly:  oh, no! i was watching greys anatomy, and there was a lifeguard on it, and 
jim:  kelly, you know what
kelly:  i never really thought about death until princess diana died. that was the saddest funeral ever. that and my sisters
toby:  who brought in donuts
michael:  somebody got donuts for my birthday
toby:  happy birthday
michael:  you didnt know it was my birthday
toby:  i… guess i forgot
michael:  well, i guess i forgot to give you a donut 
toby:  are you serious
michael:  mmm
oscar:  skin cancer is treatable
kevin:  right
oscar:  its going to be okay
angela:  you dont know its going to be okay. dont give him false hope. …its probably nothing, though
delivery woman:  hi, delivery for michael scott
michael:  here we go. ohhhkay, this is great!  thank you my friends, she is perfect! ahhh, dwight, may i have your chair please? and, um, some singles, if you will! allllright. nnnnn-dink!  okay, um, alright. this has arms. is that gonna be a… is that alright?
delivery woman:  uh… s-sure.
michael:   okay. im so nervous
pam:  i can sign for it
delivery woman:  oh. thanks
michael:  when i was seven, my mother hired a pony and a cart to come to my house for all the kids… and… i got a really bad rash from the pony, and all the kids got to ride the pony and i had to go inside, and my mother was rubbing cream on me… for probably three hours, and i never came outside. and by the time i got out the pony was already in the truck. and around the corner. so that was my worst birthday
michael:   stop it. stop! what is that?
dwight:  its ‘for the longest time, by william joel. its you favorite song
michael:  yeah, well, its on the radio. my birthday blows. nobody even signed my birthday poster. probably my mother is the only one that cares enough to send me anything
dwight:  i probably care more than she does
michael:  youre making it worse. i bet luke perrys friends dont treat him like this 
pam:  when does he hear
jim:  sometime today
pam:  ohh… poor kevin
pam:  if i knew i had a week to live, i would… probably go to europe. and south america. and the grand canyon. and… i would want to see the pacific ocean. …it would be a pretty busy week
dwight:  uh, thats a list price of four dollars and fifty cents.unfortunately, this item is on  back… order…  michael! michael! michael michael michael! come here, come here, come here!come here!
michael:  what
dwight:  listen up everyone! it is 11:23 exactly, the exact moment when you emerged from your mothers vaginal canal, so… huh?! right, have a seat. please
michael:   ohhh, god
dwight:  there is a tradition that the hebrews have of hoisting the birthday boy up on a chair
michael:  ohhh, no.
dwight:  so come help me celebrate michaels birth moment. kevin!
oscar:  …ill do it
michael:  ohh, no, no, no! i cant… ryan, come on. lets do this
dwight:  creed! come on. stanley
pam:  …i feel like we should go get kevin something. do you think we can sneak out of here
jim:  maybe, but… were gonna need somebody to create a diversion, and
dwight:  on three, were going to hoist away! ready?
michael:  okay
dwight:  happy birth moment, michael
michael:  thank you
dwight:  one. two. three!
michael:  whoa whoa! alright. alright. watch it… please.
dwight:  oscar
oscar:  it wasnt me
dwight:  okay, that is 
delivery boy:  uh, we dont make an eight foot sub. this is eight one foot subs.
dwight:  f. alright, whats the damage
delivery boy:  uh, thirty-nine sixty
dwight:   thirty nine… sixty
dwight:  why tip someone for a job im capable of doing myself? i can deliver food. i can drive a taxi. i can, and do, cut my own hair. i did, however, tip my urologist, because… i am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones
dwight:  here they come
michael:  get in here… everybody.
dwight:  come and get it
michael:  birthday party subs! my gift to you.
oscar:  what is this
dwight:  uh, bologna, tomato and ketchup
michael:  the best
stanley:  these are all the same
michael:  yes
angela:  bologna? i dont eat bologna.
michael:  well, then just have the tomato and ketchup. still good
angela:  no
michael:  just the bread, its fresh baked
angela:  no.
michael:  mm-kay. get whatever you want.  and choke on it
michael:  when i was sixteen, i was supposed to go out on a date with a girl named julie. but there was another michael in the class that she apparently thought the date was with, so she went out with him, on my birthday. and, she got him a cake, at the restaurant. and it wasnt even his birthday, but i heard about it the next day in school. so… 
jim:  so. we got kev some stuff. um… a party pack of m&amp;ms, his favorite candy. a dvd of american pie 2, which is his favorite movie, and, he lent it to creed, so, i can guarantee you he wont get that back.
pam:  sixty-nine cup of noodles.
jim:  which we realize sounds crass, but, it… is his favorite number
pam:  and his favorite lunch
dwight:  hey temp, you know uh, we still got five feet of sandwich left .
ryan:   someone ate three feet of that thing
dwight:  hell, yeah. save room for ice cream cake.
angela:   oh. thank you.
dwight:  oh. i got it
angela:  what are— its… the party planning committee
dwight:   this is the most important day of the year. i cant risk anything
angela:  fine
dwight:  what about that meeting… later… to discuss finances
angela:  yes…  but dont expect any cookie
dwight:   but what if im hungry
angela:   
jim:   …what
pam:  you use fabric softener
jim:  yeah, you dont
pam:  no, i do
jim:  …okay
office staff:   happy birthday dear michael,  happy birthday…  …tooo youuuu
kevin:  hello? hey
michael:  kevin? respect the birthday please
kevin:  no, um, no not yet. i will. bye.  it was just stacy
michael:  are you done? …good. okay
dwight:  here we go. make a wish
michael:  uhhh… blow out the candle. okay. mmmm…
dwight:  yaoo yay!
michael:  … i asked for trick candles
dwight:  pam was supposed to get em
michael:  okay. well, when she comes back well do it again.  hello, what about the birthday boy? havent had a hug all day.
angela:  no one cares about your birthday. kevins waiting to hear if he has skin cancer
michael:  … aww, that… sucks, great. … wow, thats good timing. thats… thats, sorry, thats terrible. terrible news. thats terrible… terrible news for both of us 
pam:   we should probably head back
jim:  yeah. okay. oh. i dare you to make an announcement
pam:  you dare me? how old are you
jim:  just… quit stalling
pam:   luke, this is your father. come set the table for dinner.
jim:  such a dork.
pam:   jim halpert? price check on fabric softener, the kind that gives you
store employee:  maam? please dont touch that. that is not a toy
pam:  oh im sorry. im sorry.
jim:  how old are you
pam:  i hate you
toby:   honestly, is there any way you can get on your fiancees plan? our health plan is s… just… its terrible
michael:  there you are. good news. did some research. it turns out that 98% of people with skin cancer fully recover
kevin:  still scary
michael:  yeah, but its not brain cancer. and it shouldnt stop us from having fun. you know what they say the best medicine is
kevin:  well the doctor said a combination of interferon and dicarbazine
michael:  and laughter… also
toby:  i dont really think people are in the laughing mood
michael:  why are you here? i didnt even invite you to my birthday party
toby:  i work here.
michael:   nyeh, i work here.  alright, well, you know what, since toby doesnt speak for everybody and i am your boss, i… think you should just go home. take the rest of the afternoon off. take a sick day
kevin:  if i go home now, ill just drive myself crazy
michael:  well, youre pretty much driving everyone else here crazy… crazy with worry
dwight:  where have you been? and dont say the bathroom, cause i kicked in all the stalls
jim:  well thats an invasion of privacy, so, im going to tell michael
dwight:  please, dont
jim:  you… owe me
michael:  excuse me, everyone. attention please. kevin, were going to take you to a very special place, a place that will make you happy, and a place that is far, far away from the evil sun.
stanley:  is this trip related in any way to your… birthday?
michael:  how dare you sir. you are gross
michael:   that should not be there
dwight:  ill get someone to take it down
michael:  no, its alright. its already up. just leave it. wheres kevin? come on! lets get our skate on
kelly:  dont be scared! youre good! youre good
ryan:  whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
jim:  think you can let go
pam:  no.
jim:  whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
dwight:  yeah
pam:  who is that
jim:  is that michael
michael:  yeah, ive been pretty much skating my whole life. i thought about playing in the nhl, but, youre on the road so much. you got no time to spend with your wife and kids. and i really want a wife and kids
pam:  i got it
michael:  hey pam, all this stuff with kevin… um, its pretty scary. and im thinking that uh, next time youre in the shower, you should check yourself out. you know, give yourself an exam. those things are like ticking time bags. alright? think about it
jim:  …its something to think about
kevin:  i cant relax about it, you know
michael:  kevin. you heard anything yet
kevin:  no, not yet
michael:  okay. well. live strong
kevin:  okay, michael
michael:  alright
carol:  michael
michael:  yeah. carol? she sold me my condo! hey! what, is this place on the market? or
carol:  uhh, no, i… dont just sell real estate. uh, my daughter has a skating lesson
michael:  oh, these… all your kids?
carol:  no just the front two
michael:  oh, hey guys. whats up? you wanna go for a ride? is that okay?
carol:  sure
michael:  cool. alright. grab on. here we go. ready? hang on tight. alright. we are moving. we are reaaallly mooovin now
michael:  push. good! thats great. you got it.  excuse me
kevin:  hello? yeah okay. alright. okay, i will, thanks.  it was negative
michael:  oh… god…  god!  were gonna beat this, okay? were gonna… come here 
michael:  well, apparently in the medicine community, negative means good. which makes absolutely no sense. in the real world community, that would… be… chaos
kevin:  this is awesome. thanks, you guys
michael:  okay, whos this from? wowwwee, look at that! jersey
dwight:  turn it around. turn it around
michael:  cool. ohh. great. from dwight
dwight:  number one!
michael:  thank you… dwight. thats great. thanks
pam:  michael?
michael:  yeah
pam:  this is from all of us.
michael:  oh! you didnt need to do that. …nightswept. this is… really amazing. thank you. i love it
pam:  michaels birthday was actually pretty cool. it was a good day. i dont know… it was a good day
jim:  michaels birthday. its pretty fun to watch, actually. he gets very excited, and then he eats a lot of cake. and then he runs around the office. then he has a sugar crash in the afternoon. and then he falls asleep. and thats when we get our work done
dwight:  lets get the party started
michael:  thats not how i taught you, right?  my hump, my hump, my lovely lady lump check it out
dwight:  michaels birthday is hard for me because he gets very excited. but hes also under a lot of pressure, which builds up until hes ready to explode. as his right-hand man, its my job to release that pressure so that he can enjoy himself, if only for a moment
michael:  okay, heres the thing about bosses and employees. a good boss will say, “hey, its my birthday. celebrate me.” a great boss will say, “hey, its my birthday. celebrate yourselves, because you are the ones who made me great, and i will acknowledge your contributions with donuts.
michael:  good. you know, ryan, you didnt have to get me a present
ryan:  i wont
michael:  good. great
ryan:  okay, good. i think im gonna go
michael:  no, i think youre gonna stay
michael:  on my 20th birthday, my supposed best friend, sam ambrose, ditched me for his twin sisters sweet sixteen party. and that was my worst birthday. until today
kevin:  can you please stop staring at me?
dwight:  to think that a mans skin could turn on him. its brilliant, cause youd never expect it. most people think of their skin as an ally.  makes me rethink having skin at all
michael:   mmm-hmm
ryan:  hey. i got the information
michael:  oh, good. okay. dont tell me, tell them
ryan:   “the survival rate for localized melanoma is 98%.
michael:  oh, my god. thats a piece of cake. thats a piece of cake. oh, 2%. jeez, thats good
ryan:   “there was 7,800 deaths from melanoma in 2005.
michael:  out of, like, 18 billion americans, so, no worry
ryan:  “for localized melanoma, the five-year survival rate is 98%. the survival rates for regional and…
michael:  those were probably misdiagnosed. i mean, anybody with a zit goes in and says, “i have cancer.
ryan:  “the skin is the largest organ of the body.
michael:  untrue. the heart is bigger than the skin. if you stretched the heart out, it would cover more than the entire body
angela:  im not afraid of dying. i know where im going. but if i were kevin, i might be terrified. gluttony
