ryan:   what
jim:  oh, nothing
jim:  pams on vacation and she gets back tomorrow, so itll be nice to see her.itll be nice, and, uh, she set a date for the wedding with roy.uh… june.summer.so, thatll be nice.and thats that
ryan:   what
jim:  oh, nothing
ryan:  jims been looking at me kind of a lot all week.i would be creeped out by it, but its nothing compared to the way michael looks at me
michael:  spamster
pam:  um, pam plus spam plus…
michael:  hamster
pam:  right.
michael:  welcome back!how was your vacation
pam:  it was great.
michael:  yeah
pam:  mm-hm
michael:  did you get lucky?oh!boink
pam:  roy and i just got back from the poconos.i get ten vacation days a year, and i try to hold off taking them for as long as possible, and this year i got to the third week in january
michael:  i am pam.spicoli guy.oh, god.names, numbers.okay.  whoa!god!yuck, yuck.yuck.yuck
pam:  what
michael:  wow!what happened in there
pam:  i dont know
michael:  there is stink in there, my god!what is… what is that
pam:   oh… i dont know
michael:  is it a bird
pam:  no, i dont think its a bird
michael:  oh, god!how could that happen?how could… right in the middle of the carpet
kevin:  whats goin on
michael:  um, somebody vomited right in the middle of the carpet in my office.
kevin:   i dont think thats vomit
michael:  check it out
kevin:  me?
michael:  check it out.dont be a wuss, just get… no, im not holding your coffee
kevin:  oh, thats ridiculous
michael:  what is it
kevin:  michael. 
michael:  what is it?no, just tell me what it is.
kevin:   michael, i … i … i gotta get outta here.i cant hold my breath that long.
pam:  open the door up
kevin:  it smelled 
pam and others:  phew.oh!no, mm-mm.
michael:  i cannot believe a pipe burst and left that in there
toby:  thats no burst pipe
michael:  how do you know that?what is it, then?
creed:  hi guys.somebody makin soup
michael:   here she comes.all cleaned?great.
dwight:   its still stinky
michael:  that is worse.
dwight:  she probably scrubbed it 
michael:  i am a big fear factor fan.im a big fan of anything joe rogan does, actually, so this is sort of like my audition tape.um… i cant stand it , i cant stay in here another second.no
jim:  hey!welcome back
pam:  thanks
jim:  so, how was the resort?did you ski a lot
pam:  a little
jim:  good!whats goin on here
jim:  what?i did not do that.that sounds disgusting
ryan:   it wasnt me.um… it wasnt me.  it was not me
jim:   oh.wow
pam: 
michael:  hey jim.i thought that we would be desk buddies while they changed my carpet
jim:  that might be a little difficult with the one computer.
michael:  oh… its 
jim:  but theres definitely a desk open in the back.
michael:   yeah …
jim:  …which i guess ill be taking
michael:  no, no, no!seriously, i dont mind sharing.
jim:  no, no, no, seriously, ill be in the back
jim:  hey, kelly
kelly:  are you moving back here?
jim:  um, just for the day while michaels at my desk.
kelly:  because toby used to sit there, but he had to move over there because of an allergy
jim:  allergy to… the desk?
kelly:   weird
michael:   yeah, yeah, yeah.old bullpen
dwight:   ha ha ha… the old bullpen
michael:  dont ape me
dwight:  okay
michael:  this is great
dwight:  yeah
michael:  the pressures of my office are insane
dwight:   mm
michael:  i just… you couldnt understand, but man, you guys have it so easy out here, you know?i used to sit right here
dwight:  no way
michael:  yeah
dwight:  and who had your office
michael:  ed truck. ed truck was the manager before me.horrible.he hated fun.it was like, “oh, ed truck is walking toward us.stop having fun.start pretending to do work.”what a jerk.hes… you know what?i swore to myself that if i ever got to walk around the room as manager, people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud as i walked away
kelly:   im serious.my closet doors will not shut.i mean, it only takes so long to measure to make sure that clothes will hang up because arent all hangers like that big?so i dont understand why the closet engineer didnt think of that.so now im doing this new thing where i just leave piles of clothes on the floor and then i walk around the piles to get an outfit
michael:  you know who used to sit at that desk?
dwight:  that guy miles who quit to form his own company
michael:  mm-mm.todd packer.
dwight:  no
michael:  yeah
dwight:  i thought he was out on the road
michael:  he was, but, uh… that desk was empty.hed come in and sit there sometimes
dwight:  ah
michael:  when i was in training, many years ago… not so long ago… i worked side-by-side with a fellow named todd packer, and together we rocked the office .packer and i once spent the whole day with our pants off, and when people noticed, we convinced them that 
michael:  i will gladly pay you tuesday for a hamburger today.
stanley:   excuse me one second, please.  what is it that you need right now that you cant wait until im off the phone with a customer
michael:  oh, a customer, well, sound the alarm.  okay
michael:  another time, packer held this guys head in the toilet for like a minute.guy had no sense of humor about it.probably why he wasnt hired
creed:   what did you hit me for?
michael:  charley horse
creed:  what
michael:  charley horse
creed:  you shouldnt have hit me, michael
michael:  oh, okay.gah
michael:  once, as a joke, packer banged every chick in the office. it was hysterical
kelly:   beyonce, pink the color, pink the person, hot dogs, basically anything that is awesome. snow cones
ryan:  hey jim, michael wanted me to ask you how to raise your desk chair
jim:  its the lever on the side
ryan:  thats what i told him.thanks.
kelly:  oh my god, he is so cute!would you talk to him for me and see if he likes me
jim:  no, i dont think i can
kelly:  oh, please jim?please, please, jim.please, please, please?hes so cute.i like him 
michael:   dwight
dwight:   michael
michael:  lets send up accounting
dwight:  what
michael:  old fashioned raid.sales on accounting.yeah.follow my lead
michael:  hey guys
oscar:  hey, michael
michael:  ahem.whats up?
oscar:  hey, dwight.
dwight:  yeah!
michael:  yeah! oh ho ho
dwight:  should we help em pick up their stuff
michael:  no, no, no, no.we dont do that.we dont do that.
dwight:  okay
michael:  watch out, pam. youre next
pam:  youre gonna throw my things on the ground
michael:  maybe
oscar:  what happened in michaels office was wrong.i understand it , it makes sense but it… it was still wrong
michael:  why would somebody ruin a perfectly good carpet?i dont know.it could be done out of hate.it could be done out of love.it could be completely neutral.maybe somebody hates the cleaning lady.and, well, she doesnt do a very good job, obviously, because my office still reeks like you would not believe.i hate her
michael:  you know what?i am beginning to think that what happened to my carpet was an act of terrorism against the office.the only thing that makes any sense
dwight:   hello, am i the 107th caller?  hello, rock 107.am i the 107th caller?  hell , rock 107.am i the 107th caller?  im totally gonna win us that box set
michael:  stop.
dwight:  jethro tull…
michael:  stop it.  stop.it. dont.dont
dwight: i need to make a sales call.please
michael:  all right
dwight:   am i the 107th caller
pam:   …back so soon
roy:  we can go back in, like, a couple of weeks maybe
pam:  yeah, right
roy:  okay, maybe another month, like, maybe for, like presidents day or something
pam:  yeah, thats right.we could do a three-day weekend.i wonder if i could, like, call in sick on the friday.then i get a four-day weekend
kelly:   but its so weird to fall asleep.and i just hate it.‘cause i try to go to bed at, like, 9:30
pam:   are you kidding?
roy:  no
michael:  hi, guys
angela:  we havent finished getting things in order from your last visit
michael:  im just walking around
angela:  were you
michael:  well, yeah
oscar:  its just that were really swamped over here, michael
michael:  oh, and im not?why would you say that? because im having fun?you guys just are workin for the weekend, arent you?im workin for the week.sales team, listen to me.this is what were gonna do.im gonna up the ante a little bit literally.right here, im gonna put a crisp one hundred dollar bill.the person with the most sales at the end of the day gets to keep the cash.sound good
dwight:  yeah
michael:   seventy, eighty, one, two three.eighty-three dollars.still a lotta money and im going to …  … im gonna leave it right over here where everybody can see it.i will be taking jims clients today because he is not here and out of sight, out of the contest.lets see who winds up with the cash, shall we
phyllis:  youre gonna compete against us
michael:  oh, it is on, phyllis, it is so on
dwight:  it is so on
michael:  god, this is gonna be fun
dwight:  michael is gonna wipe the floor with us
michael:   so you have 40 boxes going out, and i will deliver those personally in a sebring.very good, nice doing business with you.thank you.  yes!  oh, yeah!read it and weep.oh!oh, look at that! look at me, phyllis!oh, what is that?thats my sale!
darryl:   what… whats that?whatcha doing?
michael:   nothing
roy:   i think hes dancing
michael:  no.just …
darryl:  that was definitely not dancing
michael:  you know what, guys?its none of your concern.it was official business, so just
darryl:  paper business
michael:  yeah, paper business.is this done
roy:  nope
michael:  extreme home makeover puts together a house in an hour.if you were on that crew, you would be fired like that.
pam:  somebody did something bad to michaels carpet. maybe thats all we need to know
creed:   who do you think did it
oscar:  are you kidding?i thought it was you
creed:  really?i thought you.
michael:  this was no act of god.a person did this.a person who works in this office.maybe all of them
michael:  you know what?today is not a good day for a sales contest.were… were not… were not doin this today
pam:  that doesnt seem fair
michael:  you wanna talk about fair?does anyone need to smell my old carpet?you explain to me how that was fair, and ill explain to you how this is fair.plus i just… i think that picking today was sort of taking advantage
dwight:  but youre the one who picked today
michael:  i am a victim of a hate crime.stanley knows what im talkin about
stanley:  thats not what a hate crime is
michael:  well i hated it!a lot!okay, i… you know what?if the guilty person would just come forward and take their punishment, wed be done . very well.then you are all punished
pam:  whats our punishment?
michael:  youre all on a time out.just sit there quietly. no.no
jim:  hey
ryan:  whats up
jim:  nothing much.let me ask you something.its actually little awkward
ryan:  what
jim:  what do you think of kelly
ryan:  i dont know.depends if you like a little junk in …  umm… shes really cool
jim:  are you interested in her
ryan:  yeah, totally
jim:  really
ryan:  did she say something?
jim:  she said lots of things
ryan:  do you know if shes looking for a long-term thing or if shed be cool just hangin out
jim:  i have no idea
ryan:  can you find out?
jim:  yeah.sure
kelly:   oh, long-term, definitely.fall in love, have babies, spend every second together… but dont tell him that, okay?just tell him im, like, up for anything.i mean, im not a slut, but who knows
michael:  do you remember ed truck
creed:  sure.he hired me.hows he doing
michael:  how would i know
creed:  i thought you might
michael:  my biggest fear is turning into him
creed:  michael, you should have much bigger fears than that
michael:  i wasnt talking literally, creed.yeah, being buried alive would be worse. happy?why am i talking to you
michael:   ed?hi.thanks for meeting me.must be kinda neat comin back
ed:  yeah.should we go upstairs
michael:  uh, well, honestly ed, i really dont wanna be up there right now
ed:  so, whats the problem with my pension
michael:  oh, no, no, no.youre good.it was clerical.youre good.um, well, somebody did something in my office, and i now think that they did it on purpose and it was directed at me
ed:  well, what was done
michael:  i didnt get a good look at… it, but it smells horrible
ed:  yeah, somebody once did that in my office.
michael:  really
ed:  yeah
michael:  well, that figures.so how did you deal with people not liking you
ed:  you cant expect to be friends with everybody.
michael:  well… s-sure i can
ed:  no.theyll always think of you as a boss first.
michael:  not necessarily.you can love a boss like you do a father
ed:  im not sure that ever happens
michael:  well, okay.different management styles
ed:  why cant your workers be your workers, family be your family, your friends be your friends
michael:  last week i would have given a kidney to anyone in this office.i would have reached right into my stomach and pulled it out for them.but now, no.i dont have the relationship with these people that i thought i did.i hope they ask, so they can hear me say, “uh… no. i only give my organs to my real friends.go get yourself a monkey kidney.
jim:   hey, brenda.this is, uh, jim halpert from the boat.and i got your number from the corporate directory and, well, i was assuming that you probably gave it to them because you wanted me to ask you out, right?um, so gimme a call back.you can get my number from said directory, um, or just check your e-mail cause i just sent you one.yikes.uh… give me a call back, i hope.ill talk to you later. bye
kelly:  you just asked a girl out on the phone
jim:  yep
michael:   yes
todd packer:  hello, yes. im looking for a gay nerd named michael scott
michael:  who is this?how did you get this number?
packer:  your mom, you gay nerd!
michael:  oh my god.packer.packster.whacky pack.how you doin
todd:  hey, did you get that package i left for you?
michael:  uh… no.did anybody see a package here today?no.how big was it
packer:  it was pretty big
michael:  really
packer:  yeah
michael:  did you see a big package?where did you leave it?
packer:  left it in the middle of your office
michael:  really?guys, did you see a big package in my office
roy:  you mean the thing?
packer: 
michael:  are you kidding me?oh
packer:  special delivery
michael:  that was packer!oh, youre… you are dead.you are dead, my friend!that is hilar… oh, god!of course it was you.
packer:  sit on the throne, michael.
michael:  oh. yeah, yeah!oh my god.it was packer
michael:  it takes an advanced sense of humor.i dont expect everybody to understand.it was done out of love, just like i thought.its ah… god, these people are so… these are good people.we have fun.  we just have fun!oh, im just so sorry that i threw the thing out
jim’s voicemail:  you have seven unheard messages
pam:   hey, jim.its pam.i keep looking up to say something to you and then michaels there and its horrible.anyway, im bored.come back
pam:   hey, guess what?i moved my computer so i cant see michaels head.its working.i think i can have a career as a very specific type of decorator
pam:  sudoku. level moderate. 18 minutes. suck on that, halpert
pam:   ill transfer you.dunder mifflin, this is pam.hold, please.dunder mifflin, this is … okay, sorry.michael was standing at my desk, and i needed to be busy or who knows what wouldve happened, so thank you
pam:   hey, whats that word we made up when you have a thing stuck in your shoe?anyway, i have a thing stuck in my shoe
pam:   hey, i have a chance to sneak out of here early, and im not messing this up, so ill see you tomorrow
pam:   calling from my cell phone.i dont know if you guys figured out who did that to michaels carpet yet, but i have a theory that involves an inter-departmental conspiracy.everybody in the office.we need to talk
dwight:  i think this whole disaster on michaels carpet happened for a good reason. him sitting next to me is a huge gift. this girl i know would say that it was a gift from god, but i dont know about all that.
angela:  obviously, this was kevin. this is his sense of humor exactly.
kevin:  there are so many people with motives, even me. almost everyone is a suspect. whoever did this is a genius. 
kelly:  that looks, cool, where is that
jim:  what
kelly:  that hotel, it looks so romantic
jim:  oh, just somewhere in the poconos. i was just surfing
kelly:  i went with my parents to the shadowbrook farm once. that was also really romantic. oh, my god, i wish a boy would take me there. i would need a fun new top. you know what a great color is on me? lavender, actually
jim:  just give me one second. im just gonna grab something to eat.
jim:  hey
toby:  hey
jim:  so, you used to share that cubicle with kelly, right
toby:  mmm-hmm
jim:  and then you just changed desks, right
toby:  yeah
jim:  to one without a cubicle
toby:  yeah
jim:  so, you just couldnt take it anymore, huh
toby:  what are you talking about
jim:  so, thats how its gonna be
toby:  yeah.
toby:  honestly, i dont even hear her anymore. its like waves crashing against the beach.
michael:   okay, that quantity of cotton fiber will cost you… my screen disappeared. i know. i will click on the bottom and… yes. im getting one of those little hourglass things. used to have a price chart on the wall, now its a little hourglass thing with an arrow next to it. now its just an hourglass thing. uh-huh, yeah, well, or i can call you back. okay
dwight:   excellent, good, good. well, our truck is going out first thing tomorrow morning. so
stanley:  …cases of typical format and coated white paper. okay, thanks again so much. all right, bye-bye
phyllis:  20 cartons of its coming, on its way
michael:  whats going on? anything here
stanley:  yes
michael:  yes, yes. what yes? a sale or a lead or
stanley:  a sale
michael:  ah. small
stanley:  big
michael:  huge
stanley:  just big
michael:  would you say the sale that i made earlier was huge or
stanley:  big.
dwight:   good. no, i completely understand, times are a little tight right now. if its alright with you though, i will just give you a call back next month. great, thank you so much. goodbye
michael:  what was that
dwight:  what
michael:  you call that a sales call? my god, what have they been teaching you
dwight:  youre the one who trained me, michael
michael:  yeah, well, did i teach you to roll over like a submissive dog
dwight:  you most certainly did not
michael:  no, i did not
dwight:  what can i do better
michael:  exactly, ask me, which you did, so, tell a joke
dwight:  im not good at jokes
michael:  do you know a joke
dwight:  my cousin mose told me a joke.
michael:  call a client right now
dwight:  okay
michael:  and tell him the joke
dwight:  i will
michael:  strike while the irons hot. a joke always works
dwight:   yes, howard gruber, please
michael:  just sell it
dwight:   howard, hello. dwight schrute. dunder mifflin. yes, and you are my favorite client. listen, im calling you to tell you a little joke. what is black and white and red and cant think? a nun who has a beet for a head. … no, im catholic, too
michael:  give me the phone
dwight:  i understand
michael:  give me the phone
dwight:   if i was offensive in any way, i
michael:  tell him. tell him that your supervisor is on the line
dwight:   humor works in
michael:  the old one two. lets do it
dwight:   …crazy ways. im going to pass you off to my supervisor. hold on one second.  howard gruber. its howard gruber
michael:   hey howard. michael scott here. yeah, sorry about that. dwight is an idiot. i know. no, hes a little… little dim. hes the janitors brother, so
dwight:  thats not true
michael:   uh-huh? yeah. well, you know, like in a fast food restaurant, just to be nice they hire somebody who cant even find their way to work? that is dwight
dwight:   hes my best customer
michael:   what can we do to help you out? you know what? i have a discount. today and today only, on lightweight copier paper
dwight:  but thats my sale. this is my sale, michael
michael:   uh-huh, yes, i can do that. absolutely! perfect. oh, im glad it timed out that way.
dwight:  what michael doesnt understand is that when i worked in the fast food industry i was actually commended by management for the three “m”s. mcservice, mccompetence and mcpunctuality.
roy:   you gotta drink on that one. too bad
darryl:  hell yeah, yeah, yeah. mofo, mofo
roy:  you ready
darryl:  mmm-hmm.   now youve got to drink.
dwight:  okay, look, i know what youre gonna say. that im not standing up for myself. but you know what? its complicated and i really dont appreciate all the badgering
angela:  you could out-sell michael any day.
michael:  i really thought these people were my friends. my best friend since kindergarten, elliot, thats a friend. best friend ever. i should call him. wonder where he lives.
