michael:   hey, whats up
jim:  hey
michael:  any emails today
jim:  um… i dont think so
michael:  no? um… check your spam folder
jim:  oh! there it is
michael:  what
jim:  um… ‘fifty signs your priest might be michael jackson
michael: 
jim:  well done
michael:  kay
jim:  topical
michael:  i am king of forwards. its how i like to do business, everybody joking around. were like ‘friends. i am chandler and joey and, uh, pam is rachel. and dwight is kramer
dwight:  so the monkey does the sex thing right here! 
michael:  thats funny! thats funny. not offensive. uh… because its nature. educational.
dwight:  do you want the link because then you could forward it around
michael:  um, i…
dwight:  consider it
michael:  yeah… maybe. maybe. well, well see. because i… i dont know if its…  whup! come on! hey
todd packer:  what has two thumbs and likes to bone your mom?  this guy
michael:  kay! oh, you are so bad! yeah
todd packer: 
michael:  oh, boom! bam! oh, this guy is out of control! he is a madman! better get the bleep button ready for him
todd packer:  bleep, bleep. whats up, halpert?
michael:  uh oh
todd packer:  still queer
michael:  uh oh! oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-o
michael:  todd packer and i are total bff. best friends forever. he and i came up together as salesmen. one time, we were out and we met this set of twins. and packer told them that we were brothers. and so, you know, one thing led to another, and we brought em back to the motel. and then packer did both of them. it was awesome. so
michael:  oh-whoa-oh! oh! okay. grade ‘a gossip for you, right now. randall, cfo, resigned. nobody knows why
todd packer:  are you kidding? everyone knows why! you dont know? okay, check this out. al lright. so heres the story. so randall is nailing his secretary, right? and she is totally incompetent
michael:  really? here we go! buckle up. its going to be a bumpy one
todd packer:  were talking blonde incompetent
michael:  oh, yeah
todd packer:  like 10 words a minute… talking.
michael:  well, to be fair… blondes, brunettes, you know, theres a lot of dumb people out there
todd packer:  they are women, right
michael:  oh! wow! i didnt say it! i didnt say it
todd packer:  i said it. and then, suddenly, for no reason, this bimbo blows the whistle on the whole thing just to be a bitch
michael:  oh, wow! what did i tell you about the bleep button
jim:  hey, um… what has two thumbs and hates todd packer?  this guy
todd packer:  meant to ask you, can you think you can get someone to drive me around because of the, uh, dui situation
michael:  oh. bad boy.  um… ryan?
todd packer:   come on, kid. lets go
michael:  ah! man. that todd packer can do anything
jim:  except pass that breathalyzer
ryan:  you a big william hung fan
todd packer:  why does everyone ask me that? who the hell is that
jim:  im really excited to meet your mom
pam:  you are
pam:  my mom is coming in to visit. and she lives like two hours away. and she doesnt have a cell phone… which is cool cause its kind of adding some suspense to my day. and i keep looking over at the door hoping shell walk in
pam:  ive decided to show her around. she really wants to meet everybody
jim:  oh yeah
pam:  mmhmm
jim:  good. cause i have a lot of questions
pam:  oh really
jim:  yeah. as a child, did pam show any traits that would hint towards her future career as a receptionist
michael:  hey, send me that link to the monkey sex video. im going to forward it like its hot
dwight:  yes
michael:  forward it like its hot. forward it like its hot. “old school”
toby:  michael
michael:  yes, toby
toby:  um… i need to talk to you in your office. itll just take two seconds
michael:  um… literally two seconds
michael:  toby is in hr which technically means he works for corporate. so hes really not a part of our family. also hes divorced so hes really not a part of his family
toby:  the full story is that randall resigned because of sexual harassment. so corporate asked me to do a five minute review of the company sexual harassment policy
michael:  no, no, toby. no
toby:  its really not a big deal, michael
michael:  it is a big deal. its a big deal! what are we supposed to do? scrutinize every little thing we say and do all day? i mean, come on
toby:  and then corporate is going to send in a lawyer…
michael:  what
toby:  just to refresh you… 
michael:  no
toby:  on our policy.
michael:  what? he! no! okay, what is a lawyer going to come in and tell us? to not send out hilarious emails or not tell jokes?
toby:  maybe not some of them. maybe not inappropriate ones
michael:  there is no such thing as an appropriate joke. thats why its a joke
michael:  everyone! hello! everyone. hi! sorry to interrupt. i know youre all busy and the last thing you want is for a major interruption. but toby has an announcement that he insists on making right now in the middle of the day.  so, take it away
toby:  yeah, okay. corporate would like us to do a five minute review of the company sexual harassment policy so ill go over that later
michael:  i wish you luck, toby. i really do. but you are going to have a mutiny on your hands and i just cant wait to see how you handle it
michael:  a guy goes to a five dollar… lady of the night and he gets crabs. so, the next day he goes back to complain. and the woman says “hey. it was only five dollars. what did you expect? lobster?” this is whats at stake
michael:  time to bring out the big guns. im heading down to the warehouse where jokes are born. find a killer joke thatll just blow everybody away at the seminar later. and remind them what is great about this place. so… ah! here they are.  guys! wondering if i could, uh, get your help for something. im looking for a new joke to tell and it needs to be just killer. and it does not need to be clean. so whatcha got
darryl:  like a joke? a knock-knock joke
michael:  um, yeah, no, well… i mean better. better than that. the type of stuff you guys tell all day.
darryl:  well,  those are some awful tight pants you have on. whered you get em? like queers r us
roy:  boys r us
warehouse guy:  oh
michael:  alright, alright. well, yeah, but, you know… a joke but not necessarily at my expense
darryl:  man, we can see all your business coming around the corner, okay? you need to, you know, hide the… good thing you dont have a lot of business to start with
michael:  oooh, okay. that was still about me
roy:  hey, hey, hey.
michael:  what
roy:  so you dont have the biggest package. dont feel bad.
michael:  i dont feel bad
darryl:   i think he feels bad
michael:  no, i dont
roy:  you look like you feel bad
michael:  okay.
roy:  little package
michael:  well, not exactly what i was looking for but thanks guys
warehouse guy:  little package! little package
michael:  thank you
roy:  you look good
darryl:  hiding from his momma
warehouse guys: 
toby:  so remember, intent is irrelevant. and thats it. pam
pam:  um… i just wanted to say that… just, my moms coming in today
kevin:  milf
pam:  thanks, kevin
pam:  usually the day we talk about sexual harassment is the day that everyone harasses me as a joke
pam:  shes coming in today and maybe just dont joke around about that stuff in front of her
toby:  great point
pam:  thank you
toby:  um… in fact, basic rule of thumb, lets just act everyday like pams moms coming in. all right. thats it. um… if anybody has any questions about anything, you know where i sit in the back.
michael:  hi, is it over
toby:  uh, yes
michael:  no
toby:  i can go over it with you
michael:  i know, i know. its good. it is not over. it is not over til its over
toby:  its over
michael:  did he tell you everything? obviously, he didnt because you all still look relatively happy. albeit bored. do you realize what were losing? seriously
angela:  email forwards
michael:  exactly! mmwwah ! can we afford to lose email forwards? do we want that
angela:  i hate them. you send me these filthy emails and you say forward them to ten people or youll have bad luck
michael:  give me a break. umm… stanley, how about that hot picture you have by your desk? centerfold in the catholic schoolgirls outfit? i mean, it is hot, it is sexy, and it turns him on. and i will admit, best part of my morning is staring at it. but what? are we just going to take it away
stanley:  that is my daughter. she goes to catholic girls school. i am taking it down right now.
meredith:  um… what about office romance
toby:  office relationships are never a good idea. yeah. so lets just try to avoid them. but, um, if you already have one, you should disclose it to hr.
phyllis:  all relationships? eh, even a one-night stand
michael:  i think the old honor system was just fine. for example, i have never slept with an employee. and, believe me, i could have
dwight:  yeah, meredith
michael:  no! no! catherine. remember her? remember how hot she was?
dwight:  yes
michael:  she would have definitely slept with me
kevin:  she wasnt that hot
michael:  yes, she was. dammit, kevin
toby:  ok, you know, michael
jim:  im in an office relationship. its special. um… shes nice. shes shy. shes actually here. you want to meet her? hold on one second. oh, my god! put on a shirt! put on a… . i told you that youd be on camera. im sorry, shes european. no, i told you that youd be on camera. stop it
michael:  what if pam was a lesbian? what if she brought her “partner” in to work?  would that be crossing the line?
toby:  no
michael:  what if they made out? in front of everybody
toby:  well, that would be…
michael:  at home? and i told everybody everything about it
toby:  okay, im lost
michael:  okay. well, then lets act it out. pam, you will be girl a and girl b will be… okay! well use the doll. pam. pam
video: 
michael:  i wish todd packer was here because he would love this. i wonder if anybody else would like to do this. hey! um… we have to watch, uh, tobys video that hes showing us in order to brainwash us and i was wondering if anybody would like to join in? going to be fun. got my great pizza. whataya say? jim
jim:  no, thanks. im good
michael:  thats what she said. pam
pam:  uh… my mothers coming
michael:  thats what she sai nope, but… okay. well, suit yourself
dwight:  hey, toby
toby: hey dwight
dwight:  you said that we could come to you if we had any questions
toby:  sure
dwight:  where is the clitoris? on a website, it said at the crest of the labia. what does that mean? what does the female vagina look like
toby:  technically, i am in human resources. and dwight was asking about human anatomy. um… im just sad the public school system failed him so badly
toby:  yeah, maybe when you get really comfortable with each other, you can ask for that
dwight:  good. good. and…
toby:  i should get back to work
dwight:  okay
man in video:  in todays fast-paced business climate, it can sometimes be hard to know when a comment or an action crosses the line. lets take a look at a couple of scenarios and ask ourselves ‘where is the line
video: 
roy:  natural redhead
actor:  hey, rach
actor:  hey, settle a bet. are you a natural redhead
darryl:  oh, mi… ! hey, stop the video! michael, stop it right there! stop it right there! thats that girl from that thing.  i banged this girl right here. this is…
roy:  thats her
darryl:  yes, this is the one
roy:  no
darryl:  you remember? yes
roy:  at the party
warehouse guy:  you banged her
darryl:  yes! right here. you are a naughty girl
michael:  whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa… okay! hypocrite! she is a hypocrite. that is such a scam! okay
jan:   yes. yes, i did. okay. well, we can talk about that later then.  hi
michael:  okay, you are never going to believe this. the girl in the video were watching that corporate gave us… darryl banged her! aaand is about 90% sure
todd packer:  dont ever let this little bitch drive you around town. we got, uh, lost for half an hour
pam:  i dont have any duis so i can drive myself, but thanks
todd packer:  where is michael snot? sniffing some dudes thong? probably
michael:  so you are the lawyer, mr. omalley? i know a lot of lawyer jokes
mr. o’malley:  i love lawyer jokes
michael:  well, its probably because you dont get em
michael:  when i said before that i was king of forwards, you got to understand that i dont come up with this stuff. i just forward it along. you wouldnt arrest a guy whos just delivering drugs from one guy to another
jan:  you seem a little bit agitated, michael. whats the problem?
michael:  the problem is that i am the boss and apparently i cant say anything
jan:  well, that… thats true in a way. you cant say anything.
michael:  wheres the line? wheres the line, jan
jan:  do you need to see the video again, michael
michael:  no, ive seen the video
toby:   he talked the whole time
michael:  no, i didnt.  huh, what?
michael:  attention, everyone! hello! ah, yes! i just want you to know that, uh, this is not my decision, but from here on out… we can no longer be friends. and when we talk about things here we must only discuss work-associated things.and, uh, you can consider this my retirement from comedy. and in the future, if i want to say something funny or witty or do an impression, i will no longer, ever, do any of those things
jim:  does that include ‘thats what she said
michael:  mmmhmm. yes
jim:  wow! that is really hard. you really think you can go all day long? well, you always left me satisfied and smiling, so…
michael:  thats what she said
jan:  michael. michael
michael:   come on
jan:  michael, please
todd packer:  there he is
michael:  mwah!
todd packer:  there he is. good one
michael:  you would have done the same. you just didnt think of it first
jan:  mike… michael. please. i… i… really
michael:  its… thats…
jan:  thats not my sense of humor
michael:  okay.  hello.  jan. mr. omalley. this is my lawyer, james p. albiny
jan:  wha…
michael:  i believe you may recognize his face from the billboards. he specializes in free speech issues
albiny:   and motorcycle head injuries, workers comp, and diet pill lawsuits
michael:  this guy does it all
jan:   ‘scuse me, im sorry.  michael. mr. omalley is your lawyer
michael:  what
jan:  mr. omalley is our corporate lawyer. we have him on retainer. to protect the company as well as upper level management, such as yourself
michael:  so im not in trouble
michael:  i am so used to being the bad boy. i am so used to fighting corporate that i forget that i am corporate. upper management. they hooked me up with an attorney. to protect me. you cant be too careful about what you say. mo money, mo problems
michael:  okay. well, lets get you out of here, james. um… i think were under an hour still, so…
albiny:  yeah, but i did a lot of paperwork at home before i got here
michael:  i know. well talk about it later. thanks for coming in
pam’s mom:  um… hello
pam:   oh my god
pam’s mom:  finally made it
pam:  hello
pam:  i love my mom. okay. thats probably really the most obvious statement ever
pam’s mom:  this is all yours
pam:  yeah. im in charge of this whole area
pam’s mom:  oh, my goodness. thats great
todd packer:  so a guy goes home, tells his wife, “honey. pack your bags. i just won the lottery.” she goes, “oh my god! thats incredible! where are we going?” he goes, “i dont know where youre going, just be out of here by five!”  boom
pam:  this is where i used to keep my computer
pam’s mom:  oh, right! i remember…
pam:  but then i moved it
pam’s mom:  with the picture
pam:  yeah, yeah, but i uh… i switched stuff around because i actually needed like more room for organization. so…
pam’s mom:  sure
pam:  so this is like, um, an organization station…
pam’s mom:   oooooh
pam:  hey
pam’s mom:  well, there he is
roy:  how are ya
pam’s mom:  hi, handsome
roy:  you look great
pam’s mom:  oh, thank you! so! we ready for dinner
pam:  well, you know… actually, i kind of need to stall a bit. but, its okay, because i am very used to killing time
pam’s mom:  oh, i dont believe that
roy:  okay, im going to go wait in the parking lot. and what kind of tunes you want for the ride? little, uh, classical? or oldies
pam’s mom:  oh, anything is fine
roy:  all right, ill see ya
pam’s mom:  so which one is jim
pam:  mom
pam’s mom:  i just wanted to know
pam:  no
pam’s mom:  all right. okay
pam:  ten minutes
pam’s mom:  okay
pam:  then we can go to dinner
pam’s mom:  ill make myself busy
todd packer:  theres this guy. hes at a nymphomaniac convention. and he is psyched cause all these women are smokin hot perfect 10s, except for this one chick who looks a lot like, uh…
kevin:  phyllis
michael:  no. no, no, no. that crosses the line
todd packer:  ex-squeeze me
michael:  not you. kevin. just unwarranted. hostile work environment, kevin
kevin:  packer said it
michael:  no. you said it. he pointed. a point is not a say. look. kevin, we are a family here and phyllis is a valued member of that family. like a grandmother
phyllis:  im the same age as you, michael
michael:  i dont know about that
phyllis:  were in the same high school class
michael:  well, i have a late birthday and usually septembers a cut-off point.  you know what? you just crossed the line. okay? theres a line and you went over it. and you must be punished. so go to your corner
kevin:  you mean where my desk is
michael:  yes, your corner. go
kevin:  okay. i have a lot of work to do anyway
michael:  mmmhmmm
todd packer:  oh my. they really got to you, didnt they
michael:  they didnt get to me. i got to them. i am still the same old michael scott. new and improved. you know what? i love phyllis. you know what else? i think she is gorgeous. i think she is incredibly, incredibly attractive person.  cmere, cmere, cmon!come on! come on
phyllis:  michael! come on!
michael:  oooh
phyllis:  you dont have to worry. im not going to…
michael:  im not worried
phyllis:  …report you to hr
michael:  you know what? the only thing im worried about… is getting a boner. good work today, everybody
michael:  times have changed a little. and even though were still a family here at dunder-mifflin, families grow. and at some point, the daddy cant take a bath with the kids anymore. i am upper management. and it would be inappropriate for me to take a bath with pam. as much as i might want to
pam:  he said what
michael:  good morning, pam
pam:  good morning, michael
michael:  whats going on
pam:  nothing. you look nice today
michael:  what
pam:  you look real thin
michael:  i dont get what you mean
pam:  you just… you look good. your shirt looks… you look real good
michael:  well, you said i looked thin, so what does… does that mean im like thin weird or thin handsome or…
pam:  thin handsome, michael
michael:  yes, well, of course. of course. 
dwight:  wait, jim, no! dont drink directly from the can. okay, im serious. its all over the internet. they use the same shipping company as a rat poison, and it gets on the can.  well, youre an idiot
jim:  what can i say, dwight, i live a very dangerous life.
kevin:    did you see that
oscar:  i saw it
kevin:  you can see her
angela:  its fake
kevin:  how do you know
angela:  she wouldnt do that. shes a senator.
michael:  office romance. for example, pam and i are dating, do we have to disclose that
pam:  were not dating
michael:  no, but im saying hypothetically if we were dating
pam:  were not dating, im engaged
michael:  well, roy is dead, and i ask you out
pam:  i would say no
michael:  you say yes, and we go out
pam:  i would drown myself
michael:  and now roy and pam are dead, and we have your stupid rules to blame, toby.
michael:  toby actually gets alimony from his ex-wife because she makes more, so thats kind of embarrassing. not that id mind, but it would never happen to me because i would make the marriage work. people seem to like him because they think hes one of us, but hes not. hes this weird loner who just tells people, “dont do this, dont do that. hire this person for this reason.” i would complain about him, but who would i go to, to complain about toby? toby. bias. and what does he do about that? nothing. because hes toby. what kind of name is that? its almost a girls name. i think ive known more girls named toby than guys. he just kind of makes my skin crawl a little bit. toby is the devil. tobys the devil.
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  i know were having that harassment thing this afternoon
jim:  yeah
pam:  sometimes when we im, i send you that little winking face with the lipstick
jim:  yeah
pam:  yeah. i realize that might be harassment
jim:  yes, it is harassment and im going to be suing the winking face. ive hired the angry face as my lawyer and you will be hearing from him pretty soon
pam:  okay
jim:  okay.  
