kevin:  so, uh… you found a band for your wedding yet
pam:  no
kevin:  ‘cause im in a band. we really rock
jim:  yeah, i mean its inevitable. i definitely overhear some wedding preparation, but im fine with it. she hears me arranging my social life. and we both have to hear dwight order deer urine over the internet, so it evens out
phyllis:  oh i got the ‘save the date
pam:  yeah
phyllis:  yeah, pretty stationery
pam:  oh, thanks
angela:  i didnt get mine yet
pam:  uh
pam:  there are a few people i decided not to invite, and that might make things kind of awkward but …its my wedding. and i dont want anyone there who has called me a hussy
michael:  yes, thanks, fantastic sams. adult cut plus. comes with a shampoo and blow dry. were doing i.d. photos today. gotta represent
phyllis:  uh, on or off
phyllis:  okay…
dwight:  oh! what is on your face? is that a disguise
phyllis:   excuse me
dwight:  clown paint
dwight:  i.d. badges are long overdue. security in this office park is a joke. last year, i came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag. i sat at my desk all day, with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. can you imagine if i was deranged
michael:  thats a nice tie
ryan:  thank you
michael:  that is… who makes that
ryan:  um, i dont…
michael:  do you mind if i wear that for the photo
ryan:  um…lets um, lets keep our clothes
oscar:  its like child abuse. i say, if jesus saw that, hed freak out! hed freak out, toby! i mean on some levels… its… and im supposed to work there. im supposed…
michael:   whats the dealio
toby:  just letting oscar vent a little. we would use the break room, but the photographers back there today
michael:  whats the problem
oscar:  angela
toby:  its just a little dispute over a poster in their workspace
oscar:  since christmas
michael:  so what, youre having a little spat. i forget, are you guys dating
oscar:  no
toby:  michael, can i talk to you for a uh, second please
michael:  yes
toby:  heres how i usually handle this: all i do is listen
michael:  yeah
toby:  these things just have a way of working themselves out
michael:  okay
toby:  its like if you write someone a letter, when youre really angry… they say to keep it in a drawer for a couple days. then you just never end up sending it
michael:  what do you know about conflict resolution? your answer to everything is to get divorced. so…
toby:  okay
michael:  okay… what
toby:  that was the right decision for me and my marriage
michael:  yeah, well… thats not gonna fly here. because in this office, it is till death do us part… assuming we dont get downsized.  uh, pam, will you get angela and meet us in the conference room please
michael:   a mediators tool chest. okay, well, before we get started, you should know that are 5 different styles of conflict. my shaolin temple style defeats your monkey style
angela:  can we go? i have a lot of work to do
michael:  no. okay, this is important. the first style is lose/lose
oscar:  whats the next one
michael:  just hold on, please! okay, if we do lose/lose, neither of you gets what you want. do you understand? you… you would both lose. now i need to ask you, do you want to pursue a lose/lose negotiation
angela:  can we just skip to whatever number 5 is – win/win or whatever
michael:  win/win is number four and number five is win/win/win. the important difference here is with win/win/win, we all win. me too. i win for having successfully mediated a conflict at work
michael:   okay, since this is the disputed poster. now, one at a time, i want you to express your feelings using “i” emotion language and no judging or “you” statements
angela:  i got this poster for christmas, and i feel i want to see it everyday. it makes me feel like the babies are the true artists, and god has a really cute sense of humor
michael:  come on, seriously, that
oscar:  i dont like looking at it. its creepy, and in bad taste, and its just offensive to me. it makes me think of the horrible, frigid stage mothers who force the babies into it. its kitsch. its the opposite of art. it destroys art. it destroys souls. this is so much more offensive to me than hardcore porno. im talking about the…
michael:  okay, okay. stop, stop, stop! lets see if we can just brainstorm and find some creative alternatives that are win/win
pam:  win
michael:  yes. thank you, pam. how about angela makes the poster into a t-shirt, which oscar wears. that way, he can never see it and whenever she looks at oscar, she can see it. win/win/win
oscar:  no
angela:  thats… no…
michael:  okay… well, brainstorm. own the solution
angela:  how about, i leave it up
oscar:  how bout, she takes it down
pam:  how about, angela can keep it up on tuesdays and thursdays
michael:  okay, that is called a compromise. and it is style 3. and it is not ideal. to sum up, win/win – make the poster into a t-shirt, win/lose – take the poster down, compromise – tuesdays and thursdays. and the answer is… make the poster into a t-shirt! win/win
pam:  win
oscar:  fine
angela:  but, it…
michael:   it is done
pam:  wi
photographer:  no, youre all good
creed:  great.
pam:  hey, angela. i didnt have your zip code
angela:  oh. thanks
angela:  it was hand delivered. but, i did get a save the date after all. its not my taste
toby:  you solved it
michael:  yes
toby:  well, good.we can, uh, throw that one out.
michael:  are those all the other complains
toby:  mmm-hm
michael:  i would like to see those please
toby:  i… i cant do that
michael:  you cant do that, huh? huh, ok. now you and i have a conflict. i order you to give me that file
toby:  that…
michael:  okay.  there! no more conflict.  i had to use win/lose on that. it was not pretty.  all right… is that it
toby:   its all dwights
toby:  every friday at 4, i have a standing appointment with dwight for him to file a grievance against jim. i tell him that im sending them to a special file in new york. that box is the special file in new york
michael:  ohh… god. alright. why do i have to do everything
photographer:  are you sure?
dwight:  oh, hes sure. just shoot
photographer: 
michael:   this is from kevin. he says stanley uses his miracle whip without asking. meredith complains that everyone talks too loud in the morning and the lights are too bright. creed… huh. duh, duh. creed is sick of looking at the redhead all day and wants a seat facing the receptionist
pam:  nice
michael:  you will notice that not one of these complaints is against me
toby:  actually, i have a separate folder for complaints against michael. this is january through march of this year.
michael:  how many of you have at one time gone to toby to complain about another employee?  and… did you get what you wanted, or were you merely listened to, you forget about your problem, and you move on?  that is outrageous! i love this place… and it pains me to see all of the negativity festering…  okay, today we are going to get everything out of these files and into the open, where it can be resolved. alright, how about the phyllis/angela dispute
angela:  you already did me
michael:  thats what she said.  the thing is, angela… you are in here an awful lot. you have complained about everybody in the office, except dwight, which is odd because everyone else has had run ins with dwight. toby, by the way, what does “redacted” mean? there is a file full of complaints in here marked “redacted”… 
toby:  yeah, it just means whoever complained came to me later and withdrew it, so i took their name off
michael:  oh, ok. there were a bunch of complaints about dwight that were put in the redacted file about six months ago
dwight:  whoa.. wha… wait. if someone has a problem with me, why would they withdraw it six months ago
pam:   um… lets move on. i volunteer. did anyone have a problem with me
michael: all right, pamela. come on down! lets do it! and … okay. just one complaint. actually, it has been withdrawn. so that is no help to us. next
pam:  wait, what did it say
michael:  uh… ”does she have to plan her wedding on office time? couldnt she do that at home?”  who else? why dont we just warm up first? warm up emotionally, all right
pam:  i have this kind of big secret about angela. and ive been really nice to her… and i havent told anyone. and what the hell?
michael:  here is a kelly complaint: “ryan never returns my calls.” ugh, join the club
ryan:  my voicemails really spotty… sometimes…
kelly:  i didnt file a complaint. i was just talking
toby:  to your hr representative
kelly:  to my friend, i thought. i want that withdrawn
toby:  fine, ill take your name off.  so no one will know
michael:   makin progress.  yes
jim:  dwight tried to kiss me
michael:  what?
jim:  and i didnt tell anyone because im not really sure how i feel about it
dwight:  that is not true. redact it. redact it
jim:  well, im not actually making a formal complaint. i just really think we should talk about it
dwight: okay, question.  when a name is withdrawn, does that also apply to the permanent misbehavior file in new york
toby:  sure
michael:  stanley.
pam:   hey. thanks for ratting me out
michael:   you got a lot of anger under there buddy. come on start us out. unleash it
anglea:  i didnt do it!
pam:  i find that hard to believe… considering you have problems with every single person in this entire office except bobblehead joe
michael:  someone complained that the mens room is “whites only”. stanley, you know thats not true
stanley:  i didnt say that
creed:  then why is there a picture of a white man on the door?
michael:  okay, phyllis. you complained that angelas giving you dirty looks. and you tried to get off the party planning committee
phyllis:  no, i never said any such thing. angela and i are close
michael:  and… also, phyllis, stanley says that you cry too much, and that bugs him
phyllis:  stanley and i are close, too
stanley:  we sit close
michael:  oh… ok
toby:   just take it.
pam:  i cant believe angela. i went against my better judgment, and i gave her a save the date. and now it turns out she complained about me to toby
jim:  well, it was redacted. look, if she wants an invite, maybe shes just trying to be friends
pam:  dont take her side
jim:   well, what does roy think about everything
pam:  i dont know. i try not to bother him about this kind of stuff
jim:  you mean your thoughts and feelings
pam:  yeah
jim:  yeah
phyllis:  i know you keep saying its your space, even though theres no assigned parking, but i keep forgetting
angela:  yes, thats the problem
phyllis:  i guess so…
michael:  okay, well… all settled, then
phyllis:   i dont like you
michael:  ok, ryan.you told toby that creed has a distinct old man smell
creed:  i know exactly what hes talking about. i sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. very nutritious. but they smell like death
michael:  all right, kevin. you are accused of making sexually suggestive remarks to angela that made her feel uncomfortable. solution:angela, you are to make sexually suggestive remarks to kevin that will make him uncomfortable
kevin:  i accept your decision
jim:  hey… you know what, dwight? maybe we should get our photo i.d. taken together
dwight:  that doesnt make any sense
jim:  well, it saves time, you know. ‘cause we could just meet in the parking lot every morning. walk in together. perfect
photographer:   smile
dwight:  no
dwight:  i never smile if i can help it. showing ones teeth is a submission signal in primates. when someone smiles at me, all i see is a chimpanzee begging for its life
jim:  this came out really well.  there you go
dwight:  this is humongous. i am not a security threat…
jim:  oh
dwight:  and my middle name is ‘kurt, not ‘fart
jim:  what did i write
dwight:  i have another complaint for jims permanent file
toby:  talk to michael. i gave him the box
dwight:  what box?
phyllis:  but i didnt report your snoring
stanley:  wednesdays, tearful. tuesdays…
michael:  uh. dwight
dwight:  ah… agh… dgh… ahh! no, no! four years of malfeasance unreported. this cannot stand
michael:  okay! calm down
dwight:  no! you calm down! whos side is toby on? whos side are you on
michael:  hey, hey
dwight:  him or me
michael:  stop
dwight:  him or me? i cannot work with jim anymore
michael:  okay…
dwight:  either he goes, or i go
michael:  dwight…
dwight:  you choose
michael:  stop…
dwight:  one of us is out of here by the end of today!
michael:  oh… kay
dwight:  i am not bluffing
michael:  okay
dwight:  okay
michael:  yes
dwight:  do the right thing here, michael. okay, i have served you loyally for years
michael:  mm-hmm
dwight:  i deserve this. you know i do
michael:   you know your i.d. says youre a security threat
dwight:  you have till five
dwight:  oh, look, jim. theres a sales manager position open in stamford. want me to call jan and tell her youre interested? i could put in a good word for you, cause ill still be working here. transfer! transfer! everybody! transfer! transfer! transfer! transfer
michael:  okay… you two, in the conference room with me. nobody leaves until we work this out. cage match
michael:  cage matches? yeah, they work. how could they not work? if they didnt work, everybody would still be in the cage
michael:  okay, so dwight, in your own words –  “someone replaced all my pens and pencils with crayons. i suspect jim halpert.”  “everyone has called me ‘dwayne all day. i think jim halpert paid them to.
jim:   yes! five bucks each. and it was totally worth it
michael:   “this morning, i found a bloody glove in my desk drawer and jim halpert tried to convince me i committed murder. i think he may be the real murderer.”  “jim halpert said there was an abandoned infant in the womans room. when i went to save the child, i saw meredith on the can.”gah. “this morning, i knocked myself in the head with the phone.
jim:  that actually took a while. i had to put, uh, more and more nickels into his handset, till he got used to the weight, and then i just… took em all out
michael:   “every time i typed my name, it said ‘diapers.
jim:  just a simple macro. you know, these actually dont sound that funny one after another. but he does deserve it, though
michael:  “by the end of the day, my desk was about two feet closer to the copier.
jim:  yeah, i just moved it an inch every time he went to the bathroom. and thats how i spent my entire day that day
michael:  the japanese have this thing called shiatsu massage, where they dig into your body, very hard. and it is very painful. and apparently, some people throw up. but the next day they feel great. ive never had one. they sound awful
jim:  maybe stanford would be cool
dwight:  its a good market. higher volume
jim:  yeah. maybe we should both go
dwight:  i have a girlfriend…
jim:  sure you do, dwight. sure
michael:  hey, theres like, 300 more of these. lets get to them later
dwight:  so, you going to transfer jim or not
michael:  maybe, i havent decided yet. lets get to work
dwight:  i want an answer by tomorrow
michael:  okay. oh… actually, tomorrows not good. how about later in the week
dwight:  fine
michael:  good. okay
michael:  hey! wait. how about a group picture while youre here
photographer:  i cant. i only get reimbursed for the i.d. photos
michael:  well… thats… what, a computer camera, right
photographer:  you mean digital
michael:  itll take like two seconds
photographer:  20 bucks
michael:  ugh… all right. everybody,  come on. group photo for the newsletter
stanley:  you gotta be kiddin me
michael:  come on, everybody
dwight:  come on, lets go. creed, kevin, oscar… andale! lets go
photographer:  one, two, three… smile.  try to smile
michael:  we resolved a lot today, everybody. think happy thoughts
photographer:  alright, im just gonna take it on three…whether you smile or not. one, two, three.
michael:  good, lets check that out.  ew, okay, all right. one more. well take one more
photographer:  thatll be another 20
michael:  what
pam:  angela, i want to talk to you about something
michael:   you just press the button
angela:  what
jim:  no, pam
pam:   i am.  its about the save the date
jim:  pam, it wasnt her
pam:  what?
jim:  im the one who complained about you
jim:  i… i didnt know that toby was gonna write it down.  i was just venting
michael:   okay, good. check that out
jim:  you know, it was one day
michael:   thats terrible
jim:  and i took it right back. it was like…
pam:  okay
phyllis:  oh, dear
michael:   lets pay mr. price gouger.  okay… we can do this. come on, everybody. all right. here we go.
michael: it was really hard getting a good picture of fifteen people. he would not give me a good discount. and eight tries added up
michael:   one, two.. didnt say three, did i
michael:  but, im sort of an expert at photoshop, so it turned out fine in the end. when people work together, there is going to be conflict. you cant outrun your problems
jim:   hey, pam… its jim. um, i have a doctors appointment in the city. so i probably wont be in till the late afternoon. just thought id let you know. okay, bye.
female worker:  okay, jan will see you now
jim:  oh, thanks
michael:  and that is why the idea of a cage match is so universally appealing. but heres the thing about cage matches: sometimes you have to open the cage. and that is something toby will never understand
dwight:   what is this? what happened here
jim:  i dont know
dwight:  oh, this does not look good. did anyone see what happened around my desk area this morning
jim:  dwight, i really think someones probably just playing a prank on you, so just go right through it
dwight:  a prank, huh? this is official police line tape, okay? its not a prank
jim:  probably is
dwight:  damn it, people! someone must have seen something!  oh, you people are useless. jesus
pam:   dunder mifflin. this is pam. hold, please. dwight, its the sheriff. he said that its really important. its regarding your desk. ill transfer
dwight:  oh, no, no, dont! i cant… 
jim:  just cut through it, man, its no big deal
dwight:  this is why im a volunteer sheriffs deputy and youre not
jim:  that is not why. wow, man, he really wants to get in touch with you. maybe its a murder
dwight:  no, theres no blood
jim:  maybe poison
dwight:  possibly
jim:  my god
dwight:   no, jim, no!   sheriff, this is volunteer sheriffs deputy dwight schrute. press the pound key! whats your 20
michael:  nothing much is happening today. we are having our photo ids taken. whoop-de-doo. cant always be like the apprentice
ryan:  i know
michael:  on big brother, something important happens every day. but real life is not like that
photographer:   okay, here we go. one, two
dwight:  he sometimes wears glasses, write that down. also, that may not be his real hair
michael:  i hate it when people dont tell each other why theyre angry. my dad was like that. i would say, “whats wrong, dad? whats wrong, dad? whats wrong, dad? whats wrong, dad? whats wrong, dad? whats wrong, dad?” over and over and over. and he would just look at me like i was an idiot
dwight:  im the one who petitioned the office board to have these id badges taken
photographer:  so there were no death threats
dwight:  let me see your id
michael:  there is this old story about two women who each think they are the mother of this baby. and they cant decide, so they bring the baby to a wise man. just like a manager in those days. and the wise man says, “i will adopt this baby and raise it as a hindu.” see? they didnt expect that. and that fixed it. because i think he was the dad anyway
michael:  there are dozens of old complaints in here. cold cases, like the show.  and toby is a lazy detective who has decided that these armed robberies and rapes and murder/suicides are not important enough to solve. well, you know what? i have a problem with that. and im going to open up these cases before toby can kill or rape another person
photographer:  all right
pam:  thats not bad. hey, do you do weddings
photographer:  would you seriously want your wedding photos to look like that
jim:  not bad
dwight:  i gave her a higher clearance than you
jim:  what does level red mean
dwight:  id tell you, but then id have to kill you.
meredith:  wait. 
kevin:  no, wait.  yeah
phyllis:  you must have misdialed. this is phyllis. no, im not sure what his extension is.
michael:  wow! i never thought dwight would go postal. its always the person you least expect and i always thought dwight would go postal
phyllis:  come on, dwight, i think its actually healthy to get it off your chest
dwight:  im done talking. i am a schrute. we dont back down
phyllis:  youre arrogant and pompous, and i dont like you
michael:  “cage match”? i dont know if it was in the packet from corporate, because i barely read any of it. so if youre asking if i stole their idea, the answer is no
dwight:  yes, sir
kevin:  morning
dwight:  thank you.  no, come on… god
