michael:  tonight the scranton business park is having casino night and we are converting our warehouse into a full-blown gambling hall. and i know its illegal in pennsylvania, but its for charity. and i consider myself a great philanderer. its just… its nice to know at the end of the day, i can look in the mirror and say, “michael, because of you, some little kid in the congo has a belly full of rice this evening.” makes you feel good
jim:  excuse me. how long is the wait for a table for two
dwight:  i would never, ever serve you. not in a million, billion years
pam:  its a nice tux
dwight:  i know. it belonged to my grandfather. he was buried in it, so family heirloom
roy:  so, whats the deal? we gotta pay for our own drinks? thats lame
pam:  come on, itll be fun, and besides, im a roulette expert
dwight:  impossible. roulette is not a game of skill, it is a game of chance
jim:  i can always kind of win at roulette
dwight:  oh, really? mmm-hmm
jim:  yeah
dwight:  how would you do that
jim:  mind control
dwight:   you cant be serious. are you serious
jim:  ever since i was a little kid, like, eight or nine, i could sort of control things with my mind
dwight:  i dont believe you. continue
jim:  it was just little thing, you know, like i could make something shake or i could make a marble fall off the counter. you know, just little things
dwight:   thats ridiculous. you know what? uh… why dont you move that coat rack? excuse me, everyone! attention in the office, please. jim is about to prove his telekinetic powers and he needs absolute silence. go ahead
jim:  okay, ill try. 
dwight:  oh, my god
michael:  i try not to think of it as lagging behind. its more of a david-and-goliath thing
jan:   yeah, but… well, the fact of the matter is that your branch is currently number four of the five branches that i oversee
michael:  top 80 percent
jan:  michael
michael:  yeah
jan:  you know that im very serious here
michael:  jan, listen, i promise that i will kick it up a notch. bam
jan:  what
michael:  emeril. oh, actually, while i have you, not that i have you or have ever had you, but were having our casino night tonight and i think everyone would love to see their fearless leader here.
jan:  i thought that you were their fearless leader
michael:  i am, but you are the eva peron to my cesar chavez
jan:   i think you can handle it.
michael:  oh, come on. come on
jan:  i think so, michael
michael:  you know, itd be fun. i can hear it in your voice. you need a break
jan:  goodbye, michael
michael:  jan and i understand each other. the romance thing is sort of on hold for the time being, but weve remained good friends. good friends with privileges. not now, some day
michael:  okay, everybody. tonights event is to benefit the boy scouts of america
oscar:  again? we do that every year
michael:  well, they need our money. they dont have cookies like the girl scouts
oscar:  itd be nice to do something for people who are actually suffering
michael:  well, oscar, if you dont like it, then you should concentrate on winning. because the person at the end of the evening with the highest chip count will receive $500 to donate to the charity of their choice. and they will get a mini-fridge compliments of vance refrigeration
dwight:  yes
michael:  so get your charities in to pam. i, for example, am playing for comic relief
jim:  that doesnt exist anymore.
michael:  comedy is very much alive, as are homeless people
pam:  no, they stopped making that show
michael:  well, then, they need our money more than ever.
angela:  you have to pick an approved, non-profit organization
creed:  theres a great soup kitchen in downtown scranton. delicious pea soup on thursdays. ill probably give the money to them
kevin:  something with animals. or people
kelly:  kobe bryant has a foundation, and he is 
angela:  we are giving money that has been gambled. why dont we just deal drugs or prostitute ourselves,and donate that money to charity
michael:  oh, and another fun thing. we, at the end of the night, are going to give the check to an actual group of boy scouts. right, toby? were gonna
toby:  actually, i didnt think it was appropriate to invite children since its… you know, theres gambling and alcohol, and its in our dangerous warehouse and its a school night… and, you know, hooters is catering. you know, is that enough? should i keep going
michael:  why are you the way that you are? honestly, every time i try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not… that way. i hate so much about the things that you choose to be. okay, you know what? i will not donate my winnings to comic relief, since apparently it doesnt exist. i am going to donate to afghanistanis with aids.
jim:  i think you mean the aid to afghanistan.
michael:  no, i mean afghanistanis with aids.
phyllis:  afghani
michael:  what
phyllis:  afghani.
michael:  thats a dog.
pam:  no, thats afghan.
michael:  thats a shawl.
dwight:  wait, canine aids
michael:  no. humans with aids
creed:  who has aids
jim:  guys, the afghanistananies
michael:  okay, you know what? no. no. aids is not funny. believe me, i have tried
michael:  there are certain topics that are off-limits to comedians, jfk, aids, the holocaust. the lincoln assassination just recently became funny. “i need to see this play like i need a hole in the head.”  and i hope to someday live in a world where a person could tell a hilarious aids joke. its one of my dreams
jim:  what are you doing
pam:  oh, nothing.
jim:  “till death do us rock.
pam:  theyre wedding bands
jim:  oh.
pam:  roy was supposed to pick the band, but hes concentrating more on the bachelor party now
jim:  wait, wait, where you going? i mean, even if you dont hire a band, you still have to watch the bands. pam, these are people who have never given up on their dreams. i have great respect for that. and, yes, theyre all probably very bad and that will make me feel better about not having dreams.
pam:  theres a kiss cover band in here.
jim:  lets do it
pam:  im pretty happy these days. im getting married soon and im getting along with everybody at work
jim:  why did i talk to jan about transferring? well, you know… i have no future here
michael:  i have already put down the deposit. do you understand how a deposit works?
darryl:  mike, i am not having fire-eaters in a paper warehouse.
michael:  its casino night like las vegas. there are fire-eaters all over the place.
darryl:  except my warehouse.
michael:  well, actually, its my warehouse.
dwight:  actually, its owned by beakman properties, and dunder mifflin is four years into a seven-year lease.
michael:  why are you here
dwight:  when darryl was coming, you said you wanted me here for protection.
michael:  not. i said, not that.
darryl:  we just have a lot of stuff down there that could be stolen.
michael:  thats ironic
darryl:  what
michael:  that you are afraid.
darryl:  why? ‘cause im from the hood
michael:  dinkin flicka.
darryl:   dinkin flicka
darryl:  i taught mike some, uh, phrases to help with his interracial conversations. you know, stuff like, “fleece it out.” “going mach five.” “dinkin flicka.” you know, things us negroes say
michael:  give me some.
darryl:  oh, yeah, i taught him a handshake, too
jim:   wow. i dont know how youre gonna decide. they are all extremely good
pam:  i think i should hire them all. do like lollapalooza
jim:  yes
pam:  have three stages, yeah
jim:  your mom would love that. she would. oh, this band is called scrantonicity
pam:  oh
jim:  lets take a look. nice
pam:  oh, wait. thats kevin. on the drums
jim:  what
pam:  on the drums! on the drums
jim:  oh, my god, thats kevin! great song, kev. oh,my god, hes the drummer and the singer
kevin:  we really dont do a lot of weddings. we actually dont play in public very often. we are all really hoping that pams wedding works out. this could be a turning point for the band
jim:  wow. oh
pam:  oh, my
jim:  yeah, you havent seen that since 1983. that is amazing. okay, we have to sign him. im gonna call the label, were gonna
pam:  no! no
jim:  no, pam, youre gonna lose him to another wedding
pam:  no, come back! no, no, no
jim:  kev
pam:  jim is great. being with him just takes away all the stress of planning my wedding
michael:   ye
pam:   michael, carol stills for you
michael:  who
pam:  carol stills
michael:  do i know a carol stills
pam:  your realtor
michael:  oh, yeah, put her through. hey carol, how goes the real estate biz? is it 
pam:  its still me
pam:  sometimes i dont put michael through until hes already said something. i look at it as a practice run for him. he usually does better on the second attempt
pam:  carol, youre on with michael
carol:   hello, michael
michael:  hi, carol. how you doing
carol:  im great. i just needed one last signature for your mortgage insurance
michael:  oh, hey, no problemo. incidentally, i love the place
carol:  oh, great
michael:  great. it has a little bit of a weird smell. its okay. at christmas, the tree helped.
carol:  oh, good, im glad. can i drop it over later
michael:  actually, im sort of hosting this charity thing in our warehouse, casino night
carol:  oh, great
michael:  yeah, itll be good. you know what? why dont you come by? bring the papers, ill sign them and then you can stay and have a drink
carol:  to the casino thing
michael:  yeah. itll be fun. what do you… what do you
carol:  what
michael:  oh, im sorry. could you hold on? yes
pam:  michael, jans on line two
michael:  okay, put her through.  jan levinson, i presume
pam:  its still me. uh, jan, heres michael
jan:  michael
michael:  hey, jan. how you doing
jan:  you know, i… i thought about it and you are right
michael:  i am
jan:  i could use a little fun. so, i am going to drive up for your casino night
michael:  oh, okay
jan:  incidentally, what is the charity
michael:  aids
jan:  okay, then. i will see you tonight
michael:  okay, sounds great
jan:  bye-bye
michael:  bye hello, carol? hi, sorry about that. i just
carol:  no problemo
michael:  right
carol:  to answer your question
michael:  yeah
carol:  yes
michael:  what
carol:  id love to go
michael:  okay
carol:  i have to get a sitter, but that shouldnt be a problem
michael:  problem. good
carol:  and ill bring the papers, too
michael:  good, all right. sounds great
carol:  ill see you tonight
michael:  bye
carol:  bye
michael:  two queens on casino night. i am going to drop a deuce on everybody
pam:   oh, my god
roy:  yeah! thats great
michael:  hey, hey
carol:  hi
michael:  hey, carol
carol:  hi
michael:  you look great
carol:  thanks. thank you for inviting me. it looks so great in here
michael:  oh, well… kiss.  thats how we do it in the paper biz. its european and… yes? ah, dwight
dwight:  code name re/max is here. no sign of lan jevinson
dwight:  im michaels wingman. ive got his back. two dates. hes got two dates tonight. my job is to keep jan away from carol and vice versa. michael said, “we must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them.
michael:  can i get you a drink? the food is from hooters
carol:  drink would be good
michael:  okay
creed:  oh, i steal things all the time. its just something i do. i stopped caring a long time ago. you should see how many supplies ive taken from this place. honestly, i love stealing things
billy:  no, im fine. thanks sweetheart
michael:  billy, your nurse is hot
billy:  thats my girlfriend
michael:  your nurse became your girlfriend? sweet
billy:  she was never my nurse. i met her at chilis. she was my waitress
michael:  chilis is great
michael:  welkommen, bienvenue, and welcome to monte carlo! dwight. i am no longer your boss. lady fortune is your boss
stanley:   will lady fortune give me a raise
michael:  shut it, shut it, shut it. will lady fortune be your mistress? only time will tell, my friends. leave all your preconceived notions about casinos at the door. old friends, new lovers, and the disabled!welcome all! great, okay. shuffle up and deal. lets get it started! black-eyed crows
dealer:  okay, the game is no-limit texas holdem. good luck, everybody. thats at least four red chips to you, sir
michael:  all-in.
michael:  bluffing is a key part of poker, which is too bad, because im not very good at bluffing. did you believe me
toby:  ill call
michael:  what are… thats insane
toby:  i have good cards
michael:  well, toby, i went all-in on the first hand, so doesnt that tell you that i might have good cards, too? so dont be stupid. just take it back
dealer:  no, im sorry. he cant, sir. hes gone all-in
michael:  okay, all right, whatever
dealer:  flip them
michael:  you really screwed that up.
meredith:  wow
toby:  i dont really play cards, but im not gonna lie to you. it felt really good to take money from michael. gonna chase that feeling
dwight:  i expect to do very well tonight. i have an acute ability to read people. jim, for instance, has a huge tell. when he gets a good hand, he coughs
jim:   i will raise.  thanks
jim:  its the weirdest thing. every time i cough, he folds
carol:  wow, bad luck
michael:  yeah, whatever. hey, you know what? if luck werent involved, i would always be winning.  oh, my god. oh, my god
jan:  michael
michael:  jan
jan:  hi
michael:  look, okay, i think were all adults here, and it has always been my understanding that we have an open relationship
jan:  what are you… just… wait, whatre you talking about
carol:  what does that mean
michael:  after you said you werent coming, i invited carol to come and i dont think that i did anything wrong
jan:  no. no, you didnt. hi, im jan. im michaels boss
carol:  hi, hi
jan:  does anyone want a drink
carol:  no, im good.
jan:  okay.
michael:  um
dwight:  hey, hey
michael:  hey. what
dwight:  jans here
dwight:  give me the dice
kevin:  come on, dwight
dwight:  lets go
billy:  its all on you, baby. lets go
angela:  good evening, dwight. what is this
dwight:  evening, angela. this is craps. i need to roll an eight. if i do, everyone wins.
kevin:  yes
angela:  then roll an eight
dwight:  thank you, angela
angela:  good luck, dwight
dwight:  yeah! yeah!
kevin:  dwight, lets keep it going. lets keep it going. lets go
oscar:  let it ride. let it all ride
dwight:  give me the dice
jim:  yeah, right
pam:  “yeah, right,” what
jim:  what was this?
pam:   i have good cards
jim:  really
pam:  mhmm, and im gonna take you all-in
jim:  wow. i think youre bluffing
kevin:  yeah, i think shes full of it
pam:  straight
jim:  oh. three nines
kevin:  pam. jim halpert, ladies and gentlemen
jim:  thank you very much. it was fun
jan:  cosmopolitan, please
carol:  can i get a red wine? so, two hours? thats a long drive
jan:  well, its part of the job, you know? keep an eye on things. so… why not? so, how long have you and michael been
carol:  oh, well, actually, i guess this would be our first date. i guess
jan:  casino night in the warehouse. good sport
carol:  well, im having a nice time
jan:  oh, me too. me too
ryan:  one beer and one seven and seven with eight maraschino cherries, sugar on the rim, blended if you can
jim:  so, thats still going on, huh? you and kelly
michael:  all right
dealer:  the point is four. shooter, roll it. four
dwight:  come on, shooter
michael:  four!  blow. blow for luck! yeah! also, you. not playing favorites.  all right, here we go
carol:  all right
michael:  yeah
dealer:  five
michael:  so close. so close
dwight:  come on.  so where you staying? radisson
jan:  what
dwight:  super 8
jan:  no, i
dwight:  motel 6? best western
jan:  i didnt… i dont know
dwight:  holiday inn? the hyatt in wilkes-barre? you staying with michael
kevin:  i won the 2002 $2,500 no-limit deuce-to-seven-draw tournament at the world series of poker in vegas. so, yeah… im pretty good at poker
kevin:  all-in
phyllis:  okay, lets do it
bob vance:  good luck, honey
phyllis:  oh, thank you, bobby. but it doesnt matter, its just fun to play
kevin:  three queens
dwight:  nice, very nice
phyllis:  i have an ace
oscar:  no, thats a flush
dwight:  oh, man
phyllis:  oh, i have a flush
bob:  yes
phyllis:  look, i won! look i have all the clovers! you wanna play again
kevin:  i suck
roy:  she took you down, huh
kevin:  i do not want to talk about it
roy:  hey, i saw your tape. your band, scrantonicity? you guys rock
kevin:  yeah
roy:  yeah, you guys wanna play our wedding
kevin:  awesome. did pam say it was okay
roy:  whatever. im in charge of the music
kevin:  dude, you will not be sorry
roy:  sweet. all right
kevin:  all right
jan:  smoke
jim:  no, thanks. you having fun
jan:  fabulous time. i drove two and a half hours to get here
jim:  yeah, we all really
jan:  left work early, drove down here. and i am completely underdresse
jim:  well, i think you look great
jan:  why did i hook up with michael
jim:  yeah, why did you
jan:  it was very late, jim. very… very late and… have you given any more thought to the transfer
jim:  oh, yeah
jan:  good. have you told anyone
jim:  no
jan:  well, you should
bob:  excuse me. big moment. the evenings chip leader and winner of this beautiful mini-refrigerator courtesy of vance refrigeration, creed bratton, dunder mifflin
creed:  thanks. i never owned a refrigerator
roy:  sorry, babe. i am just beat
pam:  its okay. ill see you at home
roy:  okay. hey, dont try to lose too much money, all right
pam:  okay
roy:  if you still want a honeymoon. hey, halpert. keep an eye on her, all right
jim:  okay, will do
roy:  see you
pam:  bye! hey
jim:  hey, hows it going
pam:  good, especially after i took all your money in poker
jim:  yeah. hey, can i talk to you about something
pam:  about when you want to give me more of your money
jim:  no, i
pam:  did you wanna do that now? we can go inside. im feeling kind of good tonight
jim:  i was just… im in love with you
pam:  what
jim:  im really sorry if thats weird for you to hear, but i needed you to hear it. probably not good timing, i know that. i just
pam:  what are you doing? what do you expect me to say to that
jim:  i just needed you to know. once
pam:  well, i um… i… i cant
jim:  yeah
pam:  you have no idea
jim:  dont do that
pam:  …what your friendship means to me
jim:  come on. i dont wanna do that. i wanna be 
pam:  i cant. im really sorry if you misinterpreted things. its probably my fault
jim:  not your fault. im sorry i misinterpreted our friendship
jan:  hey. im leaving
michael:  hey, okay
jan:  so, i just wanted to congratulate you on a fantastic evening. you did the company proud
michael:  thank you
jan:  and thanks for inviting me. you were right, i needed it. so, thanks
michael:  okay. thanks for coming
jan:  nice to meet you
carol:  you, too
jan:  and you guys have a good time together
michael:  okay. talk to you monday
jan:  yeah
carol:  goodbye
michael:  good night. shes a good boss
carol:  she seems really nice
michael:  oh, shes great
michael:  love triangle. drama. all worked out in the end, though. the hero got the girl. who saw that coming? i did. and jan was really happy for me. so actually the hero got two girls. he got the girl that he works with and he got the girl that he buys real estate from. so, ive got my new york girl and my local flavor. life is good
pam:   about 10 minutes ago. no, i didnt know what to say.yes, i know.um, i dont know, mom, hes my best friend.yeah, hes great.yeah, i think i am.  i have to go. i will. listen, jim…
michael:  everybody, in the conference room now, please. thank you. time is money
dwight:  do you need anything
michael:  no
dwight:  should i get water or donuts
michael:  no.
dwight:  come on, lets go. take a seat
oscar:  whats going on, michael
michael:  i want somebody to give me the name of one of our biggest competitors
dwight:  office depot
michael:  good. yes, that will work. all right. now i need a plural noun. 
pam:  apparently michael has come up with a dunder mifflin mad lib, and hes making us play it with him. we are so happy. no. id like to choose a different adjective.
michael:  how about a location
dwight:  the planet caprica
michael:  where the hell is that
dwight:  its from battlestar galactica
michael:  okay, all right
stanley:  i am going back to my desk
michael:  no, no, no. no, no, not until you give me an adjective
stanley:  annoying
michael:  we already have that. so
toby:  frustrating
michael:  no, toby, damn it, come on! we already have that. i need something fun. something like fat or smelly. or pukey. pukey. pukeys good. okay. pukey. now i need a noun
phyllis:  ass
michael:  good. thank you, phyllis. that wasnt so hard. all right, here we go. “office depot is an annoying store. one day creed went there to buy paper. and he ran into irritating cylons.
dwight:  yeah, get them, creed
michael:  “one of them was named michael scott, and he was an…” oh, damn it. okay. okay, okay, were… okay, were starting over.
dwight:  my charity is the farm defense fund. its one of the best organizations that fights infestation of the beet armyworm.
jim:  my charity is the lackawanna county volunteer sheriffs department, because dwights a volunteer sheriff. so i thought this was a perfect opportunity to support/mock him.
dwight:  i dont believe that jim moved that coat rack. but if he did, he has an obligation to use his gift wisely. with great power comes great responsibility. they could do a cross-section of his brain to find out more. but i dont think its true, though.
michael:  look, if anything goes missing, we will reimburse
darryl:  yeah. can dunder mifflin afford that
michael:  dang! paper making paper, i.e. money
darryl:  what
michael:  paper money.  yeah. the companys doing fine
darryl:  mike, were not shipping as much as we did last year
michael:  hey. okay. you know what? dont even think. i command you to just go down and have fun tonight. all right? dont think about it.
michael:  our numbers are down, yes, but we have a heck of a crew here in scranton. hardworking, motivated, dynamic. every single last one of them. they follow my lead. i sort of set the tone. and it doesnt hurt that my ex works for corporate. jan loves this branch, and i think thats really more than half the battle.
pam:  it is extremely stressful, planning a wedding by yourself. its like a job. i mean, its fun, but it kind of becomes like work. ive already planned it all out in my head. but its just in my head.
meredith’s vet:  hey. meredith, right?
meredith:  oh, god. oh, no. i have this problem all the time. i never remember people ive had sex with
meredith’s vet:  im your vet
meredith:  oh, right
meredith’s vet:  and we had sex in the parking lot.
