dwight:  kevin malone, youre next. spit that out.  spit… okay, come on, lets go
jim:  you look cute today, dwight.
dwight:  thanks, girl
jim:  so, yesterday dwight found half a joint in the parking lot. which is unfortunate because as it turns out, dwight 
dwight:  lets go over some of the symptoms of marijuana use, shall we?you tell me who this sounds like: slow moving, inattentive, dull, constantly snacking, shows a lack of motivation.
kevin:   hey
dwight:  i like the people i work with generally, with four exceptions.but someone committed a crime and i did not become a lackawanna county volunteer sheriffs deputy to make friends. and by the way, i havent
jim:   i enjoy the tangy zip of miracle whip.
pam:   jim does the best impressions. sometimes hell look up at me from his desk and hell just be someone else. like hell go um,  thats supposed to be phyllis.i cant do it as good as he can
kelly:  and the guys are saying, chug, chug, chug, but im so small and all id eaten that day was one of those auntie anne pretzels from the food court so i said “is it okay if i sip it?” and they said no, but ryan seemed cool either way
dwight:  stop! this is not kelly kapoor story hour.illegal drugs were consumed on company property, okay? your ass is on the line, mister!my ass is is on the line!now im going to ask you again.what time did you go home last night?
kelly:  six
dwight:  i didnt know that you were at a party on saturday night.
ryan:  i go to a lot of parties.
dwight:  okay, im gonna need to search your car.give me you keys.
ryan:  i am not giving you my keys.
dwight:  dont make me do this the hard way.
ryan:  whats the hard way?
dwight:  i go down to the police station on my lunch break. i tell a police officer, i know several, what i suspect you may have in your car. he requests a hearing from a judge and obtains a search warrant, once he has said warrant, he will drive over here, and make you give him the keys to your car, and you will have to obey him.
ryan:  yeah, lets do it that way.
michael:  ry, is he bugging you? dwight, dude, you gotta take a chill pill, man. it was one joint in the parking lot. you know, youre totally harshing the office mellow.
dwight:  i cant stop this investigation. it is my job.
jim:  whoa. you are a volunteer.
dwight:  i volunteered for this job.
jim:  and thats not the same.
dwight:  it is my duty
jim:   volunteer duty.
dwight:  …to investigate the crime scene. i have six more interviews to go and then i will reveal what i know
michael:   narc!
kevin: 
dwight:  if you are attempting to compliment me then you have done a very good job.
michael:  i wasnt attempting to compliment you.
dwight:  well, you have…
michael:  uuf, well
dwight:  …because being a narc is one of the hardest jobs that you can have
michael:   okay
dwight:  …and i am very proud of being a narc
michael:  why dont you just cool it, cool it dwight, please, god!  dude, wheres my office?  i totally lost it, cause i was half-baked. smokin doobies. doobie brothers, i was smokin doobies with my brothers. peace out, seacrest!
jim:  well, your office is behind you.
michael:  thanks. m-m-munchies. who wants some munchies
ryan:  i dont think michaels ever done drugs. i dont know if anyone has ever offered him any
dwight:  oscar visited mexico when he was five to attend his great-grandmothers funeral. what does that mean to a united states law enforcement officer? hes a potential drug mule
dwight:  have you ever taken any illegal drugs?
oscar:  no, i have not.
dwight:  do you think its possible that maybe you could have had some drugs in your system without you knowing about it?
oscar:  what are you implying?
dwight:  have you ever… pooped… a balloon?
oscar:  okay. im done with this.
dwight:  he sure left in a hurry
dwight:  i dont want to blow this. this is what all good law enforcement officers dream of. the chance to solve an actual crime
dwight:  do you know what this is?
phyllis:  yes, its marijuana.
dwight:  how do you know that?
phyllis:  its labeled.
dwight:   dammit
creed:  that is northern lights cannabis indica.
dwight:  no, its marijuana
jim:  im just saying that you cant be sure that is wasnt you.
dwight:  thats ridiculous, of course it wasnt me.
jim:  marijuana is a memory loss drug, so maybe you just dont remember.
dwight:  i would remember.
jim:  well, how could you, if it just erased your memory?
dwight:  thats not how it works.
jim:  now how do you know how it works?
dwight:  knock it off, okay, im interviewing you.
jim:  no! you said that id be conducting the interview when i walked in here. now exactly how much pot did you smoke?
dwight: 
oscar:  so pam told me that you do a great stanley impression, id love to hear it.
jim:  oh, um… why do you keep ccing me on things that have nothing to do with me?
stanley:  is that supposed to be me?
jim:  oh, hey stanley. uh, i was just doing an impression.
stanley:  i do not think that is funny.
pam:  he does everyone in the office.
stanley:  hmmmpt
pam/jim:   i do not think that is funny.
pam:  jinx! buy me a coke.
jim:  oh
pam:  no, no, no, no talking. jim is not allowed to talk until after he buys me a coke.those are the rules of jinx, and they are unflinchingly rigid
pam:  sold out? that has never happened in the history of jinx.
jim:   cmon!
pam:  sorry, thats not my problem.
jim: 
dwight:  i know youre innocent, but i cant look like im treating you any differently.
angela:  i understand.
dwight:  where were you yesterday after work?
angela: 
michael:  uh-oh. uh-oh. whos he calling?ratting somebody out.narc!narc!kevin
kevin:  that is so good, michae
michael:  remember the narc bit?  uh-oh, whos in trouble
dwight:  attention everyone.drug testers are coming in a couple of hours to test everyones urine.
michael:  waa… what? what are you talking about?
dwight:  company policy. if drugs are found on the premises there is automatic drug testing conducted within twenty-four hours.
oscar:  is that true, toby?
toby:  oh, when you sign your job application you agree to comply with random drug testing
michael:  two nights ago, i went to an alicia keys concert at the montage mountain performing arts center. i scored these great aisle seats. anyway, after the opening act this beautiful girl sits down next to me and i never get to meet girls with lip rings and she had one. i dont know exactly how this happened but one of her friends started passing around some stuff and they said it was clove cigarettes, and im sure that it was clove cigarettes. everybody in the aisle was doing it
michael:  okay, attention everyone the drug testing has been cancelled.instead, i will be going around to each of you and doing a visual inspection.
dwight:  no you cant do that.
michael:  i can do that, it is my office.
dwight:  no you cannot. it has to be official, and it 
michael:  hmmm. ha.  alright. great
dwight:  kevin, what prescription drugs are you taking, besides rogaine
kevin:  im not taking rogaine.
dwight:  angela, what about you?
angela:  i dont take any prescription drugs.
dwight:  youre not on 
angela: 
dwight:  good
kelly:  so the first time we went out to dinner, it was like, whatever, fine, but i was so nervous. so this time i wanted to be special, so i bought a new dress!  one of those kinds that is kinda low cut at top to show something, but not everything.  i mean not everything, jim.  i promise, im not that kind of…
pam:  hey guys, whats going on?
kelly:  were having the best conversation
pam:  oh, okay.well, michael wants to see everyone in the conference room.  but you know what? we have a few minutes so you guys should definitely finish up your conversation. 
kelly:  so, i was looking so hot
michael:  it has come to my attention that some people here think that the use of drugs is something to laugh about.
phyllis:  we dont feel that way.
angela:  no, not at all.
oscar:  you were the one joking around calling dwight a narc
michael:  no, uh, no. that was a test.i was testing you, and you all failed. miserably. when i said that dwight was a narc, how many of you defended him?how many of you said, “hey, you know what, hes right? what hes doing is protecting this office from the evils of drugs.”
dwight:  thank you, michael
michael:  i am ridiculously anti-drug. so anti-drug that i am above suspicion in any way that involves suspicion, or testing of any kind
michael:  drugs ruin lives people. drugs destroy careers. take cheech and chong everybody knows that cheech and chong are funny, but just imagine how funny they would be if they didnt smoke pot.i want everybody to take a look to their left. now i want everybody to take a look to their right. one of those people will be dead from drug use at some point in their lives. this year more people will use cocaine than will read a book to their children.
stanley:  where did you get these facts?
michael:  are these facts scaring you, or are they not
stanley:  they are not.
michael:  do you think that smoking drugs is cool? do you think that doing alcohol is cool
stanley:  no, i dont. i have a glass of red wine with dinner about once a week.for the antioxidants.
michael:  okay, enough, enough, enough! i have written down a list of illegal drugs. take a gander. how many of these are you familiar with
toby:  hookah is not an illegal drug, michael.
michael:  yes it is.
toby:  no its not. its a type of pipe. you can fill it with tobacco, often mixed with fruit, or other flavors.
michael:  okay, you know what, toby? pam, can you take this down?  in addition to tobys urine being tested, i would like to test his blood and his hair.
toby:  you cant do that.
michael:  i can test anyone randomly, and i have chosen you randomly.
toby:  thats not random.
michael:  okay, eeny, meenie, miney, moe, is random.okay, you know what? im going to need a volunteer to select one of these words and tell us of something tragic that happened in either their lives, or the lives of a loved one.yeah, pam.
pam:  i know that jim has an amazing story about a relative of his who got caught up in the world of drugs.
michael:  really? 
pam:  uh, hmmm.
michael:  jim its okay. you can t…  this would be a good place to let it out, jim. these are people you can trust. these are people who care about you.  its okay, just we will not judge you. we are here to not judge you.  oh, hes doing it, okay.  its okay.  oh. okay, are you sure?  that looked like it was going to be good. alright.  okay, well
pam:  wow! he really pulled out the big guns. fake crying. did not expect that
michael:  the point im trying to make with all of this people is that i hate drugs. i hate them, and based upon what i have seen you all dont quite hate em as much as i do so you are going to have a drug test, and i am not.
dwight:  no, you will be tested.
michael:  yes, i will not be.
dwight:  you will be. that is the law according to the rules.
michael:  okay, well dwight just know that ive been very busy today and i got a lot of work to do and i wasnt planning on going to the bathroom and i dont even know if anything is going to come out, okay? so good. thank you
dwight:  hi, linda. dwight schrute, assistant regional manager. you might remember testing my urine a few years back when i was applying to be a volunteer sheriffs deputy
linda:  we test a lot of urine.
dwight:  mine was green.
linda:  oh, right. how are you?
dwight:  im all better
michael:  so i need you to do some work on the st. andrews account. i need your urine. i need some filing done
dwight:  what kind of filing?
michael:  just forget it.just the urine.
dwight:  that goes directly to the tester.
michael:  just. i need your urine.
dwight:  like in a cup?
michael:  yes in a cup, were not animals, dwight.
dwight:  for what purpose?
michael:  its none of your business.
dwight:  then i refuse.
michael:  okay. alright. just, i went to an alicia keys concert, over the weekend, and i think i may have gotten high accidentally by a girl with a lip ring.
dwight:  are you serious?
michael:  i need clean urine for the lady.
dwight:  but thats illegal.
michael:  dont think of it that way. its like, urine goes all over the place. you know, theres no controlling it. it just… goe
dwight:  not my urine.
michael:  a cup could find its way under the urine. it might be an accident. it happens.
dwight:  were you forced to do drugs at this concert?
michael:  no, just look. look. just… just fill up the cup
angela:  do you want to give michael your urine?
dwight:  i want him to have all the urine he needs.
angela:  youre not going to get my permission on this.
dwight:  i know that. dont you think i know that
linda:  yeah, we do testing all over the country.
ryan:  cool.hey, are you guys hiring?
linda:  you want to work at the urinalysis lab?
ryan:  yeah.maybe
dwight:  my fathers name was dwight schrute. my grandfathers name was dwight schrute. his fathers name dwide schrude. amish. i loved my father very much. every morning hed wake up at dawn and make us biscuits with gravy. when i was little my dad and i played a lot of games together. my dad cheated a lot but i never busted him on it. i would have, except i didnt know about it. he didnt tell me till years later. i was shocked when i found out
pam:  what?  did you want to tell me something? you look like you want to tell me something.  you look like you have something really important to say and you just cant for some reason.  come on, you can tell me. jim, you can tell me anything.
kevin:  id like a magazine.
linda:  we just need urine, sir.
kevin:  id still like one
michael:  dwight. well, i passed the test thanks to you and your untainted pee. thank you very much.
dwight:  thats great.
michael:  whats wrong? wheres your costume?
dwight:  its a uniform and i turned it in today when i tendered my resignation
michael:  why?wha
dwight:  i took an oath when i was sworn in and i broke that oath today
pam:   here.  just buy it from me. i havent talked to you in hours and its been weird and i really want to know what the hells going on with dwight. 
jim:  hi.
pam:  hey.
jim:  how much time do you have left on your break?
pam:  ten minutes
michael:  since you did such a good job with the investigation, i decided to pull a few strings. call in a few favors. and ive decided to make you official security supervisor of the branch
dwight:  really?
michael:  yes, sir.
dwight:  thats fantastic because ive always felt that the security here sucked .
michael:  so you wanna? thanks.
hank:  dwight k. schrute, i hereby declare you an honorary voluntary corporal in charge of assisting all activities security.
michael:  okay.
hank:  heres your badge.
dwight:  thank you, michael. very nice. great. can i have a gun?
hank:  no, i dont have a gun.
dwight:  okay, ill have to bring in my bow staff.
hank:  i dont think so.
michael:  good
dwight:   thank you, michael
michael:  no. oh. uh
dwight:  i need to go over some details with you.
michael:  alright.  well, thank you.
dwight:  first of all, hank, how many orange traffic cones do you have?
hank:  two.
dwight:  oh, god
jim:  wow. what a terrible day to not be able to talk.dwight was literally carrying around his own urine and dressed like one of the village people. why does he do the things that he does for michael?i just dont get it. what is he getting out of that relationship
jim:   nice
pam:  kevin
jim:  yeah
pam:  do someone else
jim:  um,
pam:  angela
jim:  whoa
pam:  the eyebrow
jim:  yeah
dwight:  im not only hoping to find the culprit who committed this heinous crime, i am praying to find this heinous culprit. and i will pray to thor himself, if thats what it takes
toby:  michaels behavior is erratic and unpredictable, but i dont think hes doing drugs. maybe he should. take the edge off. uh, not at work, of course
dwight:  people use marijuana to escape. jim does not have a girlfriend. his sales are nothing to brag about. and he does not belong to any organized clubs. if that were my life, id do drugs
phyllis:  he asked if youve been acting withdrawn lately
stanley:  and what did you say
phyllis:  i said no
stanley:  hmm
phyllis:  youre welcome
dwight:  your turn, stanley.  angela, youre up
pam:  last night? lets see
dwight:  go ahead. dont lie
pam:  i wont. its just that last night is really hard for me to remember because i was just a teensy bit high. should i have not said that
dwight:  no, no, no. its okay. go ahead
pam:  i know that i shouldnt have done it. but i was in the parking lot at the quick and easy
dwight:  oh
pam:  and i took a bong hit from my bong water with my pimp
dwight:  oh
meredith:  pam said you had something important to tell me. is it bad? am i getting fired?  why arent you telling me? it must be bad. theyre taking away my kid. i knew it.  theyre not taking away my kid. oh
kelly:  oh, sure, i can definitely help you with that. okay? please hold
dwight:  kelly kapour. say your prayers. lets go. conference room, pronto. come on, step it up
michael:  drugs are everywhere in our society. they are omniscient. if you look at the amount of pot that was smoked in the united states last year, that would reach the moon
oscar:  how
michael:  exactly. i know. its amazing
oscar:  no, how could it reach the moon? like, would you make it into a rope, or
creed:  i have some hemp ropes at my house, theyre really strong
michael:  shut… shut it. no. just… just focus on the facts. cocaine. they use cocaine
dwight:  oh, me? just one of the gang. sitting in the back, doodling, not playing attention. bam! pow! surprise! got you!  theres a volunteer sheriffs deputy in your midst, and he is taking names
michael:  one thing that you need to remember is that theres no way of knowing whos a user, whos an abuser, because we dont know. it could be anybody. your instinct is to say its somebody-like stanley or oscar
stanley:  excuse me
michael:  no, no! your instinct. that… your gut reaction is to say that, but i dont! thats, thats… those are instincts that have been created by media and hype. and they are wrong. what i am saying is that you just do not know who drug users are. it may be the person you least suspect. it may be somebody hot, like pam, or it could be somebody matronly, like phyllis, but just not me
phyllis:  its not me, either
michael:  no? okay, fine
jan:   michael, im gonna get going. i really dont think i need to be in this meeting
michael:  okay, well, i really think that…
pam:  has she been on the phone the whole time
michael:  yeah. sorry you had to hear that. it was a lovers quarrel
dwight:  make-up sex. nice
kevin:  nice
michael:  okay, lets get personal for a second, shall we
dwight:  the scary thing is, it could have been any one of these people. they all had a motive. to get high
michael:  okay, well, i made up some fliers for everybody to take on your way out, in case youre ever tempted. so there you go. and, dwight, you know, im very busy today. it wasnt even planning on going to the bathroom, so i dont even know if anything will come out
dwight:  just drink a lot of water
michael:  well
dwight:  you have to relax your muscles around the bladder
michael:  i dont… lets just not talk about it, okay
pam:   “drugs: lets not and say we did.” i think michael was high when he wrote this
toby:  you know, sometimes i wish we just didnt have a conference room.  you know? he couldnt do that
kelly:  but then we wouldnt have any meetings
toby:  yeah
kelly:  okay. bye, toby
toby:  bye
kelly:  oh, my god. oh, my god, oh, my god. hello? yes, i am so, so sorry. yeah, actually, i dont have that information just yet. uh-huh. listen, do you mind if i put you on a brief hold? okay
angela:  i look forward to drug testing. i used to get a runners high, which is why now i swim
meredith:  why would i be worried? im not a drug user. i would never abuse my body like that. i mean, they are plenty of other ways to have fun. my body is 100% drug-free
pam:   dunder mifflin. this is pam. um, hold, please.  theres a brenda on the phone for you.  just one second, ill transfer
jim:  
man:  shes got it up now
sheriff:  hell be up. okay, sure. ill get someone down
dwight:  hey. hey. jerry
sheriff:  thanks
dwight:  sheriff pierce? im turning in my badge
sheriff:  where sis you get that
dwight:  i got it here
sheriff:  no. no, you didnt. we didnt give you this
dwight:  no, i mean at the gift shop. also, i cant wear this anymore
sheriff:  you were never supposed to wear this in the first place, dwight. come on now, seriously, you got me concerned here a little bit
dwight:  oh, dont worry. i never abused my power. i only tried to help the sheriffs department in any way i could
sheriff:  right, well… why dont you give me a couple examples of ways that youve helped us out
dwight:  oh, god, there are so many. roadside assistance, breaking up unruly parties, surveillance
sheriff:  surveillance
dwight:  crowd control, directing traffic
sheriff:  mace! you… youve been carrying around weapons-grade mace
dwight:  ive only had to use it once
