michael:  im an early bird, and im a night owl. so im wise, and i have worms. oh, breakfast
ryan:  i got your sausage, egg and cheese biscuit
michael:  yummy, yummy. thank you, ryan
ryan:  what was the thing, ah, you needed me to come in early for
michael:  um. the sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit. but thank you. and why dont you take a couple hours. the office is yours. “home alone,” “risky business.” take your pants off, run around. whatever you gotta do
ryan:  im just going to take a nap in my car until work starts.
michael:  ok.  healthier. gotta watch those carbs
michael:  today, i, michael scott, am becoming a homeowner. investing in real estate
dwight:  diversifying. smart
michael:  yes it is. yes it is. it is very important to own property. back in olden days, they would not even let you vote unless you owned property and theyd throw you in the stocks and humiliate you
dwight:  and it worked. they should bring the stocks back. peopled obey the law, thered be less troublemakers
michael:  maybe
jim: 
pam: 
pam:  every so often, jim dies of boredom. i think today it was the expense reports that did him in. and our deal is that, its up to me to revive him
pam:  you see dwights coffee mug
jim:  mm-hmm
pam:  sometimes when hes not here, i try to throw stuff in it.
jim:  no way. lets do this  oh.
pam:  here
jim:  wind
pam:  try paperclips. oh wait. this message. for dwight
jim:  perfect.
pam:  oh.
jim:  oh
dwight:  you should go
michael:  yes. yes. final walkthrough.
dwight:  uh huh
michael:  sign the papers at the condo
dwight:  you have your lawyer there
michael:  uh, i dont need one
dwight:  can i be your representative
michael:  i dont need a representative
dwight:  i think i should be there
michael:  no, no
dwight:  im good. i can make sure things are up to code
michael:  no. dwight. im fine
dwight:  please, im always the guy you rely on at work.
michael:  well, this isnt about work. this is closing on a condo, its completely personal.
dwight:  so youre taking a personal day
michael:  except that, this is about my living arrangement, and as boss, i need to have a living arrangement in order to do work
dwight:  please, ill make you proud
michael:  ok. fine. yes, you can come
dwight:  yes! as your representative
michael:  as my associate
dwight:  same thing.
michael:  no it is not
dwight:  i have been michaels #2 guy for about 5 years. and we make a great team. were like one of those classic famous teams. hes like mozart, and im like mozarts friend. no. im like butch cassidy, and michael is like mozart. you try and hurt mozart; youre going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of butch cassidy
michael:  oh, most honorable pamera. not offensive, because thats the way they talk in movies.
pam: you headed out
michael:  we are. dwight and i are going to the big thing. so why dont you have everybody work on their expense reports and id like them in by the end of the day
pam: ok.
michael:  very good.
pam: have a great time
michael:  we will. um, did you do the thing i asked you to do about the magazines
pam: yeah, i changed them to your new address
michael:  good. the small business man
pam: yup
michael:  maxim? american way? cracked
pam: yes, i changed your cracked magazine subscription
michael:  how about, uh, fine arts? aficionado monthly
pam: 
michael:  no, well can you get on that, because i dont just read cracked.thank you.
pam: yeah
michael:  ok. see you soon
dwight:  what kind of shocks you got on this baby
michael:  i dont know, regular. normal ones. nothing fancy. not my style. what are you doing
dwight:   i want to put the top down.
michael:  what? no, dwight. its fifty degrees outside.dont… please
dwight:  but then no one can see us.
michael:  i… just… would you put it up?  ok. fine. just leave it down. whiner
dwight:  check it out.  terminator
michael:  i do not understand what you spend your money on
kevin:   ooh.
jim: hey, oscar, on these new expense reports, do we really have to go back to last quarter
oscar:  yeah. its a terrible system, i know.
jim:  what does 2005 season mean
oscar:  eh.
jim: wait a minute, what is this?
oscar:  its a scoreboard
jim: what
oscar:  kevin and i play this paper football game when michaels out.
jim: really
oscar:  yeah
kevin:  or when were bored.
jim: oh my god!wait, this goes back two years.
kevin:  were bored a lot
jim:  oh
kevin:  oh
oscar:  sweet
jim: yes!so close.i really love the paper triangle flicking and hitting things game.yeah
kevin:  we call it hate ball.
jim: why
kevin:  because of how much angela hates it.
jim: hey, do you guys have any other games
kevin:  sometimes we play “who can put the most m&amp;ms in their mouth?”
angela:  
oscar:  you should ask toby to teach you dunderball
michael: home, sweet home
dwight:  which ones yours
michael: right there. my sanctuary. my party pad. someday i can just see my grandkids learning how to walk out here. hang a swing from this tree. push them back… wait…  no, its this one, right here. home, sweet home
jim:   so thats what this sound is all day
carol:  michael, this is bill. hes the head of the condo association
michael: oh, how are you? nice to meet you, bill. bill. mr. bill. ohhh nooo. mr. bill. ohhh! snl? when they pull him apart? hed always get rolled over by something.
bill:  nice to meet you
michael: nice to meet you too.
dwight:  this is smaller than your old place
michael: yeah, small. im buying it and im not renting it. so, its still an upgrade. he doesnt know anything about property ownership. kind of an idiot. um
dwight:  actually, i do own property. my grandfather left me a 60 acre working beet farm. i run it with my cousin, mose. we sell beets to local stores and restaurants. its a nice little farm. sometimes teenagers use it for sex
carol:  are we ready to sign some papers
dwight:  actually, no. we have a couple of questions, about the neighborhood.
bill:  its very safe. its very clean. also, its very accepting of all lifestyles
carol:  its a very gay-friendly neighborhood
michael: oh. good. thats good. its good to be accommodating of that.
dwight:  lets go check out the master bedroom
jim:  stanley. just played dunder ball with toby. what about you, you got any games
stanley:  yeah, i got a game. its called “work hard so my kids can go to college.”
jim:  fair enough
michael: this, my friends, is the master bedroom. check out the cathedral ceilings. those are like seventeen feet high. we have cable readiness.  right there. i am going to totally pimp this place out. i am going to put a surround sound system. i am going to put a plasma screen right against this wall.
dwight:  oh. terrible idea
michael: im putting my bed right over here
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no. this is a shared wall. neighbor throws his wife into the wall, plasma screen hits the floor. totally smashed.
michael: well, then i will get a warrantee
dwight:  warrantees dont cover it, plus theyre a rip-off.
michael: well then i wont get a warrantee.
dwight:  shh shh
michael: so thats the problem, is solved. what
dwight:  listen.  can you hear that? oh man. these babies are thin
jim:  this scented candle …andle …andle. which i found in the mens bathroom …room …room. represents the eternal burning of competition. or something.
kevin:  it smells like cookies.
jim: yes it does. yes it does my friend. ok, we will be competing for gold, silver and bronze yogurt lids.
pam:  now the bronze are really blue, and theyre also the back side of the gold, so no flipping. k? honor system
angela:  i do play games. i sing and i dangle things in front of my cats. i play lots of games. just not at work
jim:  let the games begin.
carol:  and then, i just need you to sign here at this arrow
dwight:  what kind of mortgage did you get
michael: uh… ten year.
carol:  well, ten over thirty, so thirty year total.
michael: what? wha? you said ten.
carol:  ten year fixed, over thirty. thirty year total.
dwight:  ho, thirty years
michael: ok, ok, ok.
dwight:  wow, youll be paying this off in your mid-seventies
michael: alright.
dwight:  forget about retiring when youre 65. hey, ive got an idea. you know that extra bedroom? if the whole girlfriend thing never happens, thats where the nurse can live.
michael: ok. alright. oh boy.
dwight:  well, this is it
carol:  whenever youre ready.
michael: um. oh.  oh, ok. is that suppose to come off
carol:  actually yes.
dwight:  hey, look! cool. carpenter ants
michael: um. im going to take a little breather for a second. excuse me.
dwight:  well be here waiting for you.
michael: oh, man
dwight:  a thirty year mortgage at michaels age essentially means that hes buying a coffin. if i were buying my coffin, i would get one with thicker walls so you couldnt hear the other dead people
carol:  whenever youre ready, michael
michael:  uh.
jim: you have what is the national sport of icelandic paper companies. and im blanking on the name, can you help me out pam
pam:  jim, they refer to it as flonkerton
jim: hum
pam:  in english, box of paper snowshoe racing.
jim: fair enough, but i like flonkerton
pam:  the thing about jim, is when hes excited about something, like the office olympics, he gets really into it and he does a really great job. but the problem with jim is that he works here, so that hardly ever happens
jim: so, who will be challenging kevin in flonkerton? anyone
phyllis:  ill do it.
jim: yes! phyllis!  phyllis, just put your foot right through here . right through the flonk
michael: the ceilings are lower than they were last week. that, i dont… i dont
carol:  what?
michael: …know if you showed me this same unit or not.
carol:  michael, this is the unit you saw and
michael: where are all the hot people? i was told that there would be all these attractive singles
carol:  who told you that
michael: as far as i can tell, im the best-looking person here
michael: theres a basic principle in real estate, that you should never be the best-looking person in the development. its just sorta common sense, because if you are, then youve no place to go but down
carol:  is this a financial thing? if its a financial thing, what some people do is they rent out the third bedroom.
michael: no, no, no.
carol:  thats some extra income for you
michael: i am not going to rent the third bedroom. i want a price reduction or i am a-walkin.
carol:  you will lose $7,000 if you walk away right now.
michael: ehhhh…
michael: i made the right decision. im glad i signed. im a homeowner. right? good to be a homeowner. diversifying. this is good. this is fun. were having fun
dwight:  totally having fun. can you imagine those poor saps stuck at the office today?
jim:  here we go.here we go
pam:  go!go!go
oscar:  pair of shoes
jim: dig deep, dig deep! ohhhhhh! its phyllis
pam:  its phyllis
jim: phyllis by a nose. gold medal in flernenton
pam:  flonkerton.
jim: thank you, delegate from iceland.
meredith:  wow
kevin: 
jim: wow! ok. no one else should even try! gold medals! give him medals. wow
michael: theres something else dwight wanted to talk to you about. i have a surprise for you, for helping me out today
dwight:  you didnt have to
michael: no, no. i insist. i insist. because youve really done some great work. great work. and that is why, i am going to let you move into my third bedroom and pay me rent
michael: why did i do it? because i believe in rewarding people for their efforts. ah. i rewarded dwight with the room, and he is rewarding me back, ah, with $500 plus utilities
dwight:  i dont even know what to say
michael: im thinking, lock into a four year commitment, well go month to month after that. or, until i start dating, have a girlfriend, then youre, you know, youre gone.
dwight:  question. where can i put my terrarium
michael: what the hell is a terrarium
dwight:  its a fish tank for snakes and lizards.
michael: oh, so an aquarium. ah, that will not come into this place.
dwight:  question. my grandparents left me a large number of armoires
pam:  are you sure you dont want to play
angela:  im sure.
pam:  come on angela, dont you have a game
angela:  i have one, yes.
pam:  well, lets play, what is it
angela:  i call it pam pong. i count how many times jim gets up from his desk and goes to reception to talk to you.
pam:  were friends
angela:  apparently.
jim: very nicely done. i think thats h-o-r for stanley, and h-o for phyllis.
phyllis:  are you calling me a ho
jim: oh my god. phyllis, coming alive. i like it
dwight:  question. what about carpooling, who pays for the gas
michael:  we take separate cars
dwight:  question. can sometimes i drive your car and you drive mine
michael:  why would we do that
dwight:  just for fun
michael:  no
dwight:  question. who is the primary on the fire insurance
michael:  ehhhhnt. game over. offer revoked. dwight. im sorry, but you reach out and you try to be a nice guy, and help out a friend, and this is what happens. this is what i get. oh god. im … ok
dwight:  thank god. it was nice of him to offer, but i live in a nine bedroom farm house. i have my own crossbow range. its a perfect situation for me. although two bathrooms would have been nice, we just have the one. and its under the porch
oscar:  ah…
everyone:  oh
jim: who had someone from vance refrigeration
ryan:  i did
jim: ryan howard. ryan!  gold medal
pam:  i made something for our closing ceremonies.
jim: what?  oh my god. where did you have time to make that
pam:  automatic voicemail.
jim: alright pam, alright . nice work
pam: 
stanley:  a little bit more and i would have had it
dwight:  you know you can always refinance your mortgage. we had a 15 year on our beet farm.we paid it off early
michael:  yeah, well, you know what? nobody cares about your stupid beet farm. beets are the worst
dwight:  people love beets.
michael:  nobody likes beets.
dwight:  everybody loves beets.
michael:  nobody likes beets, dwight. why dont you grow something that everybody does like? you should grow candy. id love a piece of candy right now. not a beet.
dwight:  lets get this roof going
michael:  stop it!
dwight:  ow
jim: final lap. final lap. time to beat is 1:15.
stanley:  oscar
crowd:  go! go! go
jim:  time to beat is one minute, 15 seconds. here they come.  guys
dwight:  what is going on
jim: nothing. guys? timers still going? er
dwight:  thats my stopwatch
jim:  here you go. all done
oscar:  great
jim: yeah, i filled out the expense reports. that took about five minutes and then i closed two sales at lunch time. so, about as productive as any other day. if not more so
ryan:  i figured i could throw it away now, or i could keep it for a couple of months and then throw it away. i mean, it was really nice of pam to make them, but what am i going to do with a gold medal made of paper clips and an old yogurt lid
jim: hey.
pam:  i have 59 voicemails
jim: mmm. hey, can you ignore those and do something for me instead
pam:  sure
jim: okay, today. 5 oclock. closing ceremonies
pam:  really
jim: notify the athletes.
pam:  cool
jim: michael
michael:  yeah. jim. slim jim. whats going… whats going on
jim: nothing. i just wanted to congratulate you on your condo.
michael:  oh. thanks. thanks. its very cool. its a three bedroom, gay-friendly.
jim: nice
michael:  you know
jim: hey, would you mind coming out here for a second? i just have something for you
michael:  really
michael:  whats this
jim: these are the closing ceremonies. step up. youre on the top one. congratulations to michael, because he closed on his condo. so, gold medal.
michael:  i dont really know what to say. um, im not one for making speeches, but ah, my heart is very full at this moment.
jim: and for dwight schrute, the silver medal.
michael:  get up here, dwight.
dwight:  silver medal.
michael:  yep, not as good as gold.  why are you playing the national anthem
jim: um… ‘cause your condos in america
michael:  oh.  what the hell is that
jim: those are the doves
pam:  hey. morning
jim:  oh, pam? can i see you in here for a second? its important, so
pam:  okay. what? what is this
jim:  i found dwights wallet in the parking lot
pam:  oh, my god. what are we gonna do
jim:  i dont know. i dont know. i dont know what the best play is. do we tear everything up, or do we buy a horse on the internet? i mean, i dont know what to do. what do you think
pam:  i know. i know what to do
jim:  okay, what
pam:  okay. put everything back exactly how you found it
jim:  okay
pam:  hey, dwight. jim and i found your wallet in the parking lot
dwight:  what did you do to it
jim:  nothing
dwight:  im serious. what did you do to it
pam:  dwight, i swear, we didnt do anything
dwight:  nice try.  cancel card. cancel card. cancel… card
oscar:  i mean, youve got, youve got stuff here. you rented “mermaids.” you cant… its a movie. you cant deduct that, you know that
kevin:  all right
angela:  its not an office expense
kevin:  yes, thank you
angela:  next year, you should file your stuff in a basket
oscar:  remember last year he slipped by with “stripes.” he rented “stripes,” he had it for a week
kevin:  please
oscar:  and that got through, so maybe hes thinking he can do that from now on
kevin: please, please. please
dwight:  what are the specs
michael:  oh, okay. ill tell you. lets see here. three bedroom, two bath
dwight:   nice
michael:  …contemporary townhouse. two car parking
dwight:   yes
michael:  …wall-to-wall carpets
dwight:   god, what a steal
michael:  …all fixtures included. yes, this is… this is looking good
dwight:  does it have a deck
michael:  i think it does
dwight:  have you seen it
michael:  yes
dwight:  does it have a deck
michael:  i think it has a… yeah, it has a deck. they call it a porch, but it has a deck
michael:  when a man is laying on his deathbed there are four things that go through his mind. was i well-loved? check. did i express myself? did i let my light shine through? check. will an attractive woman cry at my funeral? check. probably more than one. check. check, check, check, check. lastly, did i achieve success and own real estate? and when i close on this condo, i will be able to check that one as well
jim:  what do you call it? schruteball
pam:  okay. how about skeet schruteing
jim:  did you just come up with that
pam:  mmm-hmmm
jim:  that is good. thats it. thats what it is.
pam:  thank you
jim:  wow.
pam:  oh, oh
jim:  oh, somebody went in. that was a team effort, pam
pam:  oh
michael:  home owner. about to join an exclusive club, dwight. maybe some day these people out here will know what that feels like. maybe not. who knows? not my problem.
dwight:  its time
michael:  are we ready
dwight:  thats it
michael:  are we gonna do it
michael:  this is all mine. all the way down around the corner. its a shared space, but i can use it whenever i want to
dwight:  okay, so i called in a favor to my buddy at the police department
michael:  ah, the volunteer sheriff station
dwight:  same thing
michael:  no
dwight:  um, these are the crime statistics for the surrounding square mile over the past four years
michael:  oh, anything bad
dwight:  two charges of loitering
michael: mmm-hmm
dwight:  one noise complaint, several speeding tickets
michael:  mmm-hmm
dwight:  do you own a gun
michael:  no
dwight:  id think about it
michael:  i dont need a gun
man:  hello
michael:  hello! how are you? im, uh, just about to close on 126 over there and i guess were going to be neighbors. very cool, very cool. so, uh, so whats the vibe? whats the vibe of this place
man:  uh, i dont know. its pretty quiet
michael:  oh… thats gonna change.
man:  why
michael:  because i loves to party and im gonna be partying my butt out at this place.
man:  okay, but theres an 11:00 noise curfew
dwight:  hi, i am dwight schrute, mr. scotts associate
man:  who is mr. scott
dwight:  him. i have got a couple of questions about the neighborhood. have you had any problems with prostitution, crack dealing, gang violence, etcetera
man:  no
michael:  heres a question for you. i have a convertible. is it safe that park that in my driveway.  all right. see you soon. good guy. um, cool
toby:  so its like volleyball
jim:  okay
toby:  okay, you get a one-second hold on the ball
jim:  mmm-hmm
toby:  …and you bounce it off the wall on your side of the tape
jim: oh, okay. oh, do… thats what the tape is for. i didnt know
toby:  yeah, michael asked about it once. i just pretended not to hear him. he left
michael: i think im going to make myself some microwave popcorn.  press “popcorn.” oh, thats gonna be delicious. i just love having popcorn in the middle of the afternoon. you know what? i could do with some hot chocolate as well. oh, drat. i cant make hot chocolate and popcorn at the same time, unless, i can. boom! second microwave for le hot chocolat
carol:  hello
michael:  oh, carol. hello, how are you
carol:  hello, hi. hey, michael
michael:  good to see you
dwight:  oh, boy. this whole condos shifting. its like this place was built on ancient indian burial ground
jim:  hey, phyllis, do you have any games that you play in the office
phyllis:  what do you mean
jim:  um, like stapler tennis or something like that
phyllis:  no
jim:  okay
michael: second bedroom for the ladies. i mean, the extra ladies who arent in my bed, or for friends or family, whoever wants to pop on by to casa de scott. and right in here… what, whats in here? uh-oh, bedroom number three. what are we gonna do in there? limitless possibilities
dwight:  seal it off
michael:  what?  what are you doing in there
dwight: fill it full of cotton or soundproof insulation
michael:  oh, my god. dwight
dwight:  seal it off with drywall so you dont hear yo-yo ma over there all the time
michael:  you know what i might do, i might make this into a kids room
dwight:  kids? you dont even have a girlfriend
michael:  i will have a girlfriend once she sees this place. im gonna get married and im gonna have kids
dwight:  well, that depends on how old she is. what if your girlfriend is 55
michael:  im not gonna date a 55-year-old woman
dwight:  just a possibility
michael:  no, its not. just shut up
dwight:  if you fall in love with her
michael:  youre an ass. shut it
dwight:  i smell mold
michael:  no, you dont
dwight:  living on a farm, your sense of smell gets very sharp. for example, there are beets in the condo two doors down that way. and someone over there, i believe, is a big fan of olives
michael:  im gonna back out of the deal. nothing personal, but i feel like i have been taken advantage of here
carol:  how
michael:  this smells of fraud to me. this whole thing just kind of stinks
dwight:   what the hell
