pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam. sure, can i ask whos calling? just a second.
jim:  jim halpert. what? how did you get this number? stalker.
pam:  katy and jim met in the office. and now i guess theyre like going out, or dating, or something. and, uh… i dont know! you know? theyre just… she calls him, and they… you know, im sorry. i feel like im talking really loud. am i talking really loud
jim:  so were still on for lunch? youre meeting me here? okay. great. bye.
pam:   hey! you can just give her your extension.
jim:  okay
michael:  howard, slash ryan, ryan howard is sitting in my office. and he has been a temp here for a couple of months and hes kind of gotten the lay of the land a little bit. had a few laughs along the way. and now he wants to know what i think.
ryan:  the temp agency wants to know what you think.
michael:  shall we? let us proceed. first up, proficiency in necessary skills. aaaaeeexcellent!
dwight:  michaels in there right now evaluating the temp. he hasnt evaluated me in years
michael:  five years from now, what do you want to do? where do you want to be?
ryan:  ah, well, im interested in business.
michael:  oh! good. ambitious. excellent. want to be a manager?
ryan:  uh, no, actually, uh, what i want is to own my own company.
michael:  that is ridiculous
michael:  ryans about to attend the michael scott school of business. im like mr. miyagi and yoda rolled into one
michael:   much advice you seek.  do you know who that is?
ryan:  fozzie bear?
michael:  mmm… no. that was yoda
michael:  there are ten rules of business that you need to learn.number one: you need to play to win. but… you also have to win to play.
ryan:  got it.
michael:  and i will give you the rest of the ten at lunch
michael:    hey
dwight:  michael and i have a very special connection. hes like batman, im like robin. hes like the lone ranger, and im like tonto. and its not like there was the lone ranger, and tonto, and bonto
oscar:   but it says no late fee… 
dwight:   people!
angela:  okay! everybody
dwight:  this is not a test! move to the exits
angela:  do not panic
dwight:  head towards the exits
angela:  safety partners
dwight:  get up off your desks!
angela:  do not panic
oscar:   no, i dont hear it? alright
dwight:  no, panic is warranted!
angela:  go in single file lines.
oscar:   no, no. finish the…
dwight:  this is not at drill!
angela:  arms at your sides! arms at your sides
dwight:  please, move quickly! this is a paper company, people! step lively!
angela:  go, lets go.
dwight:  this whole place is a tinder box, it is ready to blow
dwight:  this is not a test! can you leave?!
phyllis:  oh, you say that every time.
dwight:  do you want to die?
phyllis:  oh, boy…
dwight:  do you want to die? out!!
angela:  alright, lets go, lets go.
dwight:  stanley! have you ever seen a burn victim?
angela:  come on, youre safety partners!
dwight:  move to the exits!
angela:  youre safety partners!
dwight:  weve got smoke! weve got smoke! smoke! gah!  oh, kelly! youre okay! ive got you
kelly:  im okay!
dwight:  cover your nose and mouth. breathe through your nose.
kelly:  let go of me!
dwight:  breathe through your nose. remove your stockings. okay? theyll melt right into your flesh! stay below the smoke line. lets go! clear out, stat! stat means now
michael:  yes, i was the first one out. and, yes, ive heard women and children first. but, we do not employ children. we are not a sweat shop. thankfully. and, uh, women are equal in the workplace by law. so, i let them out first, i have a lawsuit on my hands
michael:  another rule of business is being able to adapt to different situations.
ryan:  yeah.
michael:  adapt. react. re-adapt. act. all right? thats rule number two
dwight:  okay, guys, listen up, we need a head count. we need to count off. michaels number one. where is he? where is he
michael:  so what was rule two?
ryan:  ah… adapt, react, re-adapt, act.
michael:  okay, well, lets… . lets kind of take it a little slower.
dwight:  hey, michael. um… ryan needs his number for the count off.
michael:  okay, uh, well, one is taken.
ryan:  uh, okay, two?
dwight:  no!
ryan:  okay… uh, sorry
dwight:  okay, he can have 14. marjorys not here today.
michael:  well, he needs a permanent number, right?
ryan:  no
ryan:  …i dont.
dwight:  oh, you know what else? i thought of a nickname for the three of us. three musketeers.
michael:  um, yeah.okay. that… no, no, no. i got one. i got one. the three stooges.
dwight:  thats funny, too. but if were the three musketeers
ryan:  i dont want to be like “a guy” here. you know? like, stanley is the “crossword puzzle guy”. and angela has cats. i dont want to have a thing… here. you know, i dont want to be the “something guy”
jim:  okay, you know what?i am going to be, uh, setting the agenda here. okay? can everybody gather up, please? important announcement. very important announcement. i think this is a perfect opportunity for all of us to participate in some really intense, psychologically revealing conversations. so were going to be playing desert island, umm, who would you do?
stanley:  ooh.
jim:  and, um…
pam:  …would you rather?
jim:  would you rather. would you rather is our third game
dwight:   hey guys, great response time. listen up, i got some theories. okay, theres a
jim:  okay, so… three books on a desert island? angela.
angela:  the bible.
stanley:  thats one book. youve got two others.
angela:  a purpose driven life.
jim:  nice. third book?
angela:  no.
jim:  okay. phyllis.
phyllis:  um, the davinci code.
angela:  the davinci code!
jim:  nice
angela:  i would take the davinci code… so i could burn the davinci code.
dwight:  okay. great, thats going to keep you warm for like 7 seconds. question: is there fire wood on the island?
jim:  i guess.
dwight:  then i would bring an axe, no books.
jim:  uh, it has to be a book, dwight.
dwight:  fine. physicians desk reference.
jim:  nice. smart.
dwight:  …hollowed out, inside: waterproof matches, iodine tablets, beet seeds, protein bars, nasa blanket, and, in case i get bored, harry potter and sorcerers stone. no, harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban. question: did my shoes come off in the plane crash
michael:  rule number four. in business, image is everything – andre agassi. this car is an investment. right? if i have to take out a client or im seen around scranton in it. i love it. i love this car. do you like it?
ryan:  yeah
jim:  okay. thought people read more books
jim:  dvds! five movies. what would you bring to the island?yes! meredith?
meredith:  legends of the fall, my big fat greek wedding, legally blond, bridges of madison county
jim:  wow.
pam:  legends of the fall
jim:  wow. bridges of madison county, legally blond, these movies are just… 
pam:  well, i kind of liked legal…
jim:  wait, wait, wait. pam. no. do you understand? the… the game is desert island movies, not guilty pleasure movies. desert island movies are the movies youre going to watch for the rest of your life! forever! unforgivable.
pam:  i take it back.
jim:  unforgivable.
pam:  i take it back!
jim:  good
meredith:  …and ghost. but, ah, just that one scene
dwight:  is this your car, ryan?
michael:  wow, some pretty big books back there, huh?
ryan:   dont…
dwight:  good shocks.
michael:  hello, mr. egghead! woop!so… oh, stanley kaplan! i know him. ‘m is for murder, ‘p is for…
ryan:  thats actually a test prep book.
michael:  …for phone. what?
ryan:  thats a test prep for business school.
michael:  um, oh, thinking about business school?
ryan:  i just got in. i applied, i go at night.
michael:  really?
ryan:  yeah.
michael:  so you think you know a lot about business?
ryan:  no, not yet.
michael:  uh huh.
ryan:  just started.
michael:  yeah. quiz me.
ryan:  i… wouldnt even know where to start.
michael:  come on, egghead. lets do it.
dwight:  do it.
michael:  quiz me up.
ryan:  all right, um… why have people been rethinking the microsoft model in the past few years?
michael:  uh
michael:  when i was ryans age, i worked in a fast food restaurant, to save up money for school. and then i spe… lost it in a pyramid scheme. but i learned more about business, right then and there, than business school would ever teach me, or ryan would ever teach me
ryan:  is it cheaper to sign a new customer? or to keep an existing customer?
dwight:  keep an existing…
michael:   shut, it. can i… can i just do it please?  uh, its equal.
ryan:  it is ten times more expensive to sign a new customer.
michael:  okay. yes! it was a trick question.
dwight:  yeah, but look, i mean, he didnt need business school. okay, michael comes from the school of hard knocks.
michael:  okay, dwight.
dwight:  self taught. you didnt even go to college.
michael:  you know what, dwight? you dont need to help me here. okay? well, you know… maybe you should go to business school like ryan, then… then youd know what youre talking about.
dwight:   come on. im studying with the master, huh
michael:  for instance, why dont you go to business
dwight:   you should learn from him, right?
ryan:  i am
dwight:  right
ryan:  i am
michael:  stop. dwight. you know what? youre acting like a dork. would you cool it? please. okay. hey! hes not your five year old brother, dwight. hes a valued member of this company… and you know what? he knows more about business than you ever will.
dwight:  stupid
michael:  i did not go to business school. you know who else didnt go to business school? lebron james, tracy mcgrady, kobe bryant. they went right from high school to the nba. so… so its not the same thing. at all
michael:  look at this stuff. market fragments. what is that supposed to be?
ryan:  its a way of looking at consumers as subsets of a larger client base.
michael:  you are so smart. you are so eff-in smart. you should be teaching me
jim:  pam? get us back into it
pam:  okay
jim:  five movies. go ahead.
pam:  um, fargo, um, edward scissorhands, dazed and confused…
jim:  ooh, definitely in my top five.
pam:  yes. in my top three, so suck it.
jim:  what?
pam:  breakfast club. um… the princess bride and…
jim:  okay thats five.
pam:  no, my all time favorite!
jim:  pam, play by the rules.
pam:  all time favorite.
jim:  play by the rules. dwight. all time favorite movie
dwight:  the crow
michael:  i became a salesman… because of people, i love making friends. but then i was promoted to manager, at a very young age. i still try to be a friend first, but… you know? im very successful… your coworkers look at you differently. huu, what do you think?
ryan:  maybe we should get some air.
michael:  nah, im okay.
ryan:  im really uncomfortable
jim:  all right. lets move on. lets move on to the main event. who would you do?
kevin:  present company excluded?
jim:  um, not neccessari…
kevin:  pam.
oscar:  pam.
jim:  um… okay. ah, you know what? maybe ill… ill finish explaining the rules. lets… let me explain it first, and then…
song:  think youve had too much / in this life
jim:  yeah, so well get right… you know what? ill be right back. stanley, youre taking over for me, buddy. ill be right back.
stanley:  okay, um
jim:  dwight. dwight.
song:  everybody hurts,
jim:  come on dwight! use words
song:  sometim… .
dwight:  why didnt i go to business school?
jim:  who goes to business school?
dwight:  the temp.
jim:  he does?
dwight:  yeah, its all him and michael talk about anymore.
pam:  you know, i bet ryan thinks to himself ‘i wish i were a volunteer sheriff on the weekends.
dwight:  he doesnt even know that i do that.
pam:  you should tell him.
dwight:  oh yeah, pam. right. thats going to help things, just talk it out. i hope the war goes on forever and ryan gets drafted.
pam:  dwight
jim:  what?
dwight:  im sorry i said that, i didnt… just part of me meant it. besides, hed end up being a hero anyway
jim:  you know what you should do? you should quit. and then, that would stick it to both of them.
dwight:  oh jim, im not going to quit. then ryan wins.
jim:  yeah. youre right.
dwight:  thanks you guys. i just need some alone time.
pam:  kay.
song:  everybody hurt
jim:  alright buddy
song:  everybody cries
roy:  hey! guys, whats going on?
jim:  nothing.
pam:  hey
song:  everybody hurt
roy:  whats up? can i hang out with you guys for a bit?
song:  sometime
roy:  the warehouse guys are a bunch of jackasses sometimes
stanley:  come on people, you know the rules of the game now.
michael:  oh, hey. game, what game are we playing here?
stanley:  okay. its called who would you do?
michael:  oh, i play this at home all the time while im falling asleep. what, uh… . where are we? where are we here?mmm.. roy? roy? who would you do, roy
roy:  uh… oh, i got it! uh, whats the name of that, uh, tight ass, uh, christian, uh, chick. the, uh, the blond?
angela:  my name is angela.
roy:  hey, angela! roy. nice to meet you.
michael:  aaaall right. whos next, whos next, whos next, whos? jim? youre next. who would you do?
jim:  um… kevin, hands down. yeah. hes really got that teddy bear thing going on, and afterwards, we could just watch bowling.
michael:  well, i would definitely have sex with ryan. ‘cause he is going to own his own business.
roy:  youre all gay.
michael:  whos, uh… whos next? who we got? whooo…
ryan:   hey, no, i can talk, i can talk, i can talk…this is great timing.
michael:  wish i had my cell phone, but i left it inside. so…
dwight:  would that make you happy?
michael:  whats that?
dwight:  if you had your cell phone, it would make you happy?
michael:  yeah.
dwight:  im on it.
michael:  dwight. hey!
angela:  you cant go in yet!
michael:  dwight, dont! he is an idiot. the man is an idiot, ladies and gentlemen.
kevin:  what if he dies in the fire?and thats the last thing you ever said to him.
michael:  i didnt say it to him. i said it about him
meredith:  …jim.
phyllis:  definitely jim.
kelly:  definitely, definitely, jim.
phyllis:  come on, pam.
kelly:  how about you pam?
pam:  um… oscars kind of cute.
phyllis:  yeah, i like oscar.
pam:  ooh, toby
michael:   how long does it take to find a cell phone? i dont know either
meredith:  is there anybody else.
kevin: 
jim:   hey, where are you? oh good. yeah. were just here, were playing desert island. its when you pick your five favorite dvds…
michael:  seriously, where the hell is dwight? hey, call my cell phone. itll make it easier for him to find.
ryan:  whats your number?
michael:  i gave it to you in the car.
ryan:  um…
michael:  i saw you program it in.
ryan:  you got to… you got to give it to me again.
michael:  okay. alright.
ryan:  now i have it.
michael:  uh, i better tell somebody.  excuse me, sir…
dwight: 
michael:  dwight!? great goin. god, man! why did you go in there? what… everybody was scared out of their wits, man? oooh
dwight:   everyone, okay? uh, i have an announcement. apparently, in business school, they dont teach you how to operate a toaster oven. because some smart, sexy temp left his cheese pita on oven instead of timing it for the toaster thing.
michael:  wow. okay. well, i guess they dont teach how to operate a toaster oven in business school.
dwight:  thats exactly what i said.
michael:  hey, did you miss that day there, ryan?
dwight:  were you absent?
michael:  toaster oven 101?
dwight:  you failed?
ryan:  i am so sorry
michael:  hey! i know whatll impress everybody, ill start a fire. oh, man. bad idea. bad idea jeans
dwight:  i have a song. attention, everyone! that i want to sing. that i wrote especially for this occasion when i was up there among the flames. ready?  ryan started the fire! it was always burning since the worlds been turning!
dwight:  everybody!
michael:   …since the world was turning
ryan:  i cant believe i started the fire
dwight: … marilyn monroe!
dwight:  eat it! you gotta eat it. you have to eat it
katy:  hi!
jim:  hey.
katy:  how are you
jim:  good, how are you?
katy:  im good. its good to see you.
jim:  good to see you, too.
katy:  im hungry.
jim:  yeah, i am too.
katy:  oh, i have been thinking the whole way over and i have my answers.
jim:  what answers?
katy:  um, for the… the desert island
jim:  oh! right! right, right, right, come-ah on, on, on.  ladies and gentlemen! gather around! we have one more participant. come on, be polite. be polite.  desert island. five movies. go.
katy:  okay, um, first, legally blond
pam:  i forgot what a super, nice girl katy is. and just… good for jim! they are so cute together. and, um, what an adorable car
jim:  okay, i think the games over… people are like leaving. there was a bigger crowd last time. do you just want to go to lunch?
katy:  okay.
jim:  yeah?
katy:  alright! you want to drive?
jim:  sure.
katy:  alright
katy:   they are soo cute
ryan:  im really sorry, dwight.
dwight:  answer me this, though.
ryan:  what?
dwight:  was it worth it? was it worth it temp?
ryan:  no.
kevin:  was it worth it?
dwight:  really?
ryan:  im really sorry, dwight.
dwight:  the fire guy! the fire guy
dwight:   joe mccarthy, richard nixon, studebaker, television, north korea, south korea, marilyn monroe, ryan started the fire
michael:  okay. rule five – safety first,i.e. dont burn the building down. okay? that should be a no brainer
michael:  oh… look! ryan is book smart. and i am street smart. and book smart
michael:  ill give you the rest of the ten tomorrow
jim:  seventy and clear, thats nice. wheres that
pam:  thats here.
dwight:  im michaels number two. hes one, im two. hes alpha, im beta. hes a, im b. its easy. whatever michael is, im one less.
michael:  rule three: reach for the stars. and if you fail, see rule four. rule four: failure is not an option
dwight:  oh, my god. ryan is gonna love these
michael:  yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. and at the end i will reveal, that they were all just one rule
dwight:  that is so cool
michael:  mmm-hmm
dwight:  plus you can go, “rule five, see rule six. rule six, see rule five.
michael:  no, im not trying to trick him. im trying to be a good mentor. so
dwight:  kill or be killed
michael:  no
dwight:  shoot to kill, or kill to shoot
michael:  no, come on, dwight, i have to have 10 of these by lunch, i promised ryan
dwight:  you could ask for an extension
michael:  im not asking the temp for an extension unless i really need it.
dwight:  i know michaels every move. its not something you can just pick up. i could write a book about him. literally. i started once, but michael made me stop.
dwight:  hey, hows it going, man
ryan:  good. whats up
dwight:  oh, nothing much. whats up with you
ryan:  im good, thanks
dwight:  good. good, im good, too. hows it cracking
ryan:  uh, fine. whats up
dwight:  you know what you would love? guns n roses. when i was your age, i loved guns n roses. do you like guns n roses? ill make you a tape
ryan:  cool
dwight:  ill make you two tapes
ryan:  i dont have a tape player. so
dwight:  someday, temp. ive got a couple of shirts that dont fit so well anymore. ill bring them by. okay, see you later.
dwight:  michael and i have a very special connection, like an umbilical cord. and the thing is with ryan is that i dont want him to trip on it, or get it caught around his neck.
kevin:  sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight.  sixty-nine. seventy. seventy-one, seventy-two, seventy-three.
pam:  i like fire drills. you know whats the greatest? like, when you were in school and the teacher would let you have class outside
jim:  oh, the best
pam:  yeah, it was great because it was like youre supposed to be working, but nothing ever gets done
jim:  yeah, we had outside classes all the time and we never did anything
pam: 
jim:  actually if i had fewer outside classes, i probably wouldnt be stuck here at a paper company
pam:  youre not stuck.
angela:  yes, there is a real fire, but its okay. everyone got out fine. this is why you practice these things.
michael:  yes, yes, i ran out first. a captain is always the first one on the ship and the last one off the ship. and this parking lot is our ship when the building is on fire. so, i ran out onto the ship.
jim:  okay, dvds. five movies. what would you bring to the island? toby, go ahead
toby:  say anything, the shining, annie hall, thats too obvious
jim:  those are like my favorite movies. i didnt really think you could win desert island, but i think you just did
toby:  toy story 2, one of the best movies i ever saw. i went for my daughter and stayed because you cant leave your daughter in a theater.
jim:  toby and i used to sit together until michael moved us because he thought we talked too much
pam: really
jim:  yeah.
jim:  kevin, do it
kevin:  uh, cannonball run, cannonball run ii,  weekend at bernies, weekend at bernies ii, and, oh, groundhog day
jim:  groundhog day
stanley:  i have a client who watches that movie once a week, at least
kevin:  really
stanley:  i should put you in touch with him. maybe we could get together and work on that account
kevin:  i would love that
jim:  okay, guys, guys, guys. that almost sounded like business, and we are trying to focus here today, okay?
michael:  when i was ryans age, i worked at arbys and then i worked selling cutlery for a while. cutlery that could decimate a penny, i kid you not. there were these shears that could cut straight through a penny. so i have life experience and work experience that ryan doesnt, and will never have.
jim:  and then you go to school for three years
ryan:  for two years, and its only at night, and then its on your resume forever
jim:  wow. and just out of curiosity, how much is it
ryan:  $650 buck
jim:  a semester
ryan:  a credit
jim:  wow
ryan:  its an investment
jim:  oh, yeah, it sounds like it
ryan:  i think its worth it.
michael:  if i could change the life of one person, just one person. i… actually, thats shooting kind of low. i already did that when i was born. i changed two peoples lives. mom and dad. um, if i could change the lives of 5,000 people… 10,000. no, five. id be satisfied with 5,000. i… 10,000 though, thatd be something. wow, 10,000 people. because, you know what? even one is amazing.
