michael:  happy halloween, everyone!  oh… thats great
pam:  hey… happy halloween. jan called
michael:  ohh… ok
michael:  i know why shes calling. its the end of the month, and i was supposed to let somebody go by the end of the month.and somehow im supposed to put on a costume and smile.  okay
sherri:   jan levinsons office
michael:  hey, sherri. michael scott returning
sherri:  oh, shes in a meeting. uh, she just wanted the name of the employee you let go
michael:  well, im gonna wait till the end of the day. because the book said its best to wait till the end of the day
sherri:  i just need the name of who youre planning to let go
michael:  i dont know… yet. i will have to call her back
sherri:  i know she wanted the name
michael:  okay… sherri
sherri:  yeah
michael:  if you were getting fired, how would you wanna be told so you could still be friends with the person firing you
sherri:  jan wants the name as soon as possible, michael
michael:  thanks
sherri:  mm-hmm
michael:  ill call her back.  wish i could fire sherri
sherri:  hey, im still here
michael:  okay! im sorry
sherri:  yeah
michael:  no
sherri:  ok
michael:  bye
sherri:  hanging up now
michael:  i mean you hear about layoffs in the news, but when you actually have to do it yourself, it is heavy stuff. its… these are peoples lives youre talking about
pam:   you wanted me
michael:  yes
pam:   papier-mache
michael:  yes
pam:  hmm
michael:  yeeesh
pam:  mm-hmm
michael:  um, pam, i have to let somebody go today. this is, uh, the hardest thing ive ever had to do
pam:  why did you put it off until halloween
michael:  because its very scary stuff
pam:  i think its gonna put a damper on the party a little
michael:  youre worried about the party? theres a mans life at stake here
pam:  so its a man
michael:  no. or a woman. a human life. if you had to guess, who it would be based on their job performance… and who you think deserved to be fired – who would that be
pam:  i just answer the phone
michael:  and… sometimes you just let it go to voicemail
pam:  youre costume is fantastic!
michael:  i know. i sent away for it in july from a catalog.
pam:  oh no, dont, dont, dont, dont.  aah!  okay…
michael:  oh, man. okay, i have to fire somebody
dwight:   what is that?! what are you supposed to be
jim:  im a three hole punch version of jim. ‘cause you can have me either way. plain white jim, or three-hole punch
phyllis:  thats great
jim:  oh, yeah
dwight:  yeah, well look…  what about me
phyllis:  what are you? a monk
dwight:  i am a sith lord.  oh big deal. three round pieces of paper taped to a shirt. this cost me 129 dollars
phyllis:  ass
michael:  hey
oscar:  michael
michael:  you guys excited about the party
angela:  yeah
michael:  its gonna be fun
kevin:  yeah
angela:  yes
michael:   oh, boy… look at you! haha. showing your colors. bet you wish you wore a dress every day
oscar:  what are you implying
michael:  all good. happy halloween. what happened to all those spooky decorations that we had? the cobwebs and such
angela:  you know, i dont know. we put them all up last night
michael:  well, you know what? go buy some more. ill approve the overages. sound good
angela:  yeah
michael:  good.oh, yeah, also about budget stuff. um, imgoing to need you to find, like a, a full employee salary, plus benefits, like fifty grand. im going to need you to find 50 grand in the numbers
angela:  but we dont keep two sets of books
michael:  well, thats not what im saying. just, you know, find it. pretend that your jobs depend on it
michael:  mmm-hm-hmm. interesting take on dorothy. i love it. hey, you know what would even be better? soccer ball and cleats
kelly: why is that
michael:  “bend it like beckham.
kelly:  oh, like … the movie about the indian girl who plays soccer
michael:   yeah. that would be perfect
kelly:  yeah, i mean, i guess i could do that. i dont really play soccer or anything.
michael:  well, i dont really have two heads. so
dwight:  wait, what are you again? oh, right… three-hole punch!
pam:  okay, greatest strength
jim:  okay, okay…
pam:  a dog-like obedience to authorit
jim:  nice
pam:  but that doesnt sound good
jim:  okay, okay. um, how bout, the ultimate team player?
jim:  dwight is… special. but, i dont believe that his talents are being used in this office. so pam and i have put his resume on monster.com, google, craigs list. were really interested most in jobs that take dwight out of state. um, preferably alaska… or india
pam:  hes a gun nut
jim:  um. he sticks to his guns
angela:  well, i looked through all the budgets. and there is one department…
oscar:  yes
angela:  … that has three people…
oscar:  yeah
angela:  … doing the work that could be done by two
oscar:  this is great.  oh
kevin:  yeah. oh
michael:  who do you think it should be
dwight:  jim. definitely
michael:  no, jim brings in money
dwight:  phyllis
michael:  eh
dwight:  stanley. pam. oscar. meredith. kevin. angela
michael:  its not a popularity contest. although it does make sense to fire the least popular because it has the least effect on morale
dwight:  one of the warehouse guys
michael:   what? there was someone left off that list? who
dwight:  who is he saying
michael:  youre right, i didnt even think of him
dwight:  no, michael
michael:  yeah, thats actually a really good idea
dwight: no, not me
michael:  yeah… i could
dwight: not dwight
michael:  im not saying thats what he said
dwight:  i know thats what he said
michael:   what
dwight:  tell him, not dwight
michael:  that is not a very nice thing to say about him
dwight:  tell him to stop
michael:  are you kidding
dwight:  quiet, you
michael:  i agree. hed land on his feet
dwight:  make him be quiet
angela:  those arent chips and dip
pam:  no, i made brownies
angela:  uh
pam:  … what
angela:  im just trying to figure out why youre sabotaging things
pam:  i made brownies
angela:  and i made cookies. same category
pam:  im guessing angelas the one in the neighborhood who gives the trick-or-treaters some toothbrushes. pennies. walnuts
pam:   dunder-mifflin. this is pam.  uh, yeah.  just one second. i will, uh, transfer you to our manager, michael scott
jim:  um… whoa.  michael scott here. yes, i am regional manager of this orifice. mmm hmm. dwight schrute is amazing. yeah. no, he is actually the single greatest employee of his generation. mmhmm. you know what? im gonna tell you what. you hire dwight k. schrute, and if he does not meet, nay, exceed every one of your wildest expectations, well then, you can hold me, michael gary scott, personally and financially responsible. okay. okay. okay-kay-kay-kay-kay. okay
dwight:  stanley, could you come with me, please
stanley:  no
dwight:  as assistant regional manager…
stanley:  to the
dwight:  look! ive got some bad news. youre fired. you need to pack up your things and go.  im serious, stanley. its over.im sorry
stanley:   youre fired. get your fingers off my phone
michael:  so. how did it go with stanley? how… howd he take it
dwight:  he wouldnt listen to m
michael:  ahh, come on
dwight:  if you want to fire him, youre going to have to tell him yourself
michael:  i dont wanna fire stanley. i never said that. im certainly not going to do it myself. get those big, baleful, eyes staring at me. yikes. just, okay, just…
dwight:   cumberland mills?! and how did you get my resume? oh no, no. im very flattered. dont get me wrong. im just not sure that its my official resume or if its something that maybe a satisfied customer posted online. what does it say under martial arts training? oh. okay, im gonna have to supplement that. could i have your fax number
dwight:  would i ever leave this company? look, im all about loyalty. in fact, i feel like part of what im getting paid for here is my loyalty. but, if there were somewhere else that valued that loyalty more highly, im going wherever they value loyalty the most
oscar:  oh… hey
ryan:  oh, your dress is stuck in the back. kind of just…
oscar:  oh.
dwight:   so you got the fax? so why didnt you add it to the res… ? what do you mean? of course martial arts training is relevant. oh, excuse me! i know about a billion asians that would beg to differ. uh, yeah, i get a little frustrated when im dealing with incompetence. well, you know what? you can go to hell, too. and i will see you there… burning. fine! okay… oh wait! so youll let me know when youve made a decis…
pam:  jim is really talented. and he should be the one whos getting a better job offer. like, for real
pam: dont take this the wrong way, but… you should go for that job
jim:  um… its in maryland
pam:  yeah, but i mean, look at the salary. and its definitely a step up. and a challenge
jim: yeah.yeah. you know what? maybe… maybe i will.
pam:  jim
dwight:  this is called leveraging an offer.  michael, can i talk to you for a moment
michael:  oh, god
dwight:  i just thought you should know that i was just offered a job with better pay, better benefits and a better title at cumberland mills
michael:  fantastic
dwight:  and i turned it down
michael:  what?! that wouldve solved all my problems
dwight:  out of loyalty to this company…
michael: oh, you idiot
dwight:  … so i was hoping to be made assistant regional manager officially
michael:  if you left, i wouldnt have to fire anybody
dwight:  but then you wouldnt have me here
michael:  big deal. oh, it wouldve worked out so well. can you get it back
dwight:  its in maryland
michael:  you can call. can you call em
dwight:  i cant. i… i suppose i coul… no. they never really made me an offer anyway
michael:  wohahah! why are you torturing me?! god
jim:  honestly, i dont think michael has the slightest clue of who hes gonnafire. i think he keeps hoping that someones going to volunteer. uh, or be run over by a bus before the deadline. but in the end, really, whats going to happen is its gonna be the first person to give him a dirty look in the hall. and therein lies the true essence of his charisma
michael:   can i speak to you a minute
jim:  um… yes
jim:  michael, i really didnt mean to…
michael:  help. me.
jim:  im sorry
michael:  i want you to role play firing me. i want you to fire me, and i will take it
jim:  oh, you want me to be you
michael:  yes
jim:  okay
michael:  i want you to be me, and i will be creed
jim:  oh, are you firing creed
michael:  no, no, no. thats just the first thing… came… in head
jim:  we should switch seats in order to…
michael:  yes, thats a good idea
jim:  alright.  excuse me. im really sorry, but i have to let you go. and its purely budgetary. its not personal…
michael:  aaaahh! im gonna kill myself
jim:  wow
michael:  im going to kill myself, and its your fault
jim:  thats an overreaction
michael:  corporate is really breathing down my neck. and theyre saying this has to be done by the end of the month
jim:  is this you? are you being you, or is this creed? are you
michael:  i… this is creed
jim:  okay
michael:  im improvising, so just try to keep up.
jim:  oh, hold that thought. hold that thought
michael:  and im very angry, and i want…
jim:   michael scott here
michael:  im gonna kill you. im going to kill you for firing me
jim:  toby? mm hmm.  i really have to take this creed, so it was really worth…
michael:  get off, get off. no, no. ok.. just get off. just, just… yeah
pam:  what happened
jim:  it wasnt me
pam:  oh. that was like crazy. ‘cause i was…
jim:  yeah, i know
michael:  uh, hey… creed
creed: huh
michael:  could i talk to you for a second
michael:  you are great. very ambitious. and i feel like you want more than this little office has to offer. and i understand that youd wanna just spread your wings, and fly the coop
creed:  what are you telling me
michael:  i… were gonna have to… you… you want something better
creed:  no, i dont. i wanna stay right here
michael:  no, you wanna leave
creed:  no, i wanna stay here
michael:  why… why are you making this so hard
creed:  um, i think theres a misunderstanding, michael
michael:  i think youre right
creed:  can i go
michael:  no, of courseyou cant go. we havent even started this horrible process of… okay, creed. i need to let somebody go today. they told me i need to let somebody go. and as much as i think youre a great guy, and i like you, youre… youre, goodbye
creed:  lets fight it
michael:  hmm
creed:  lets call jan and fight this thing together like the old days
michael:  what old days? what are you talking about
creed:  did you start the paperwork yet
michael:  its right here on the desk, yeah
creed:  you dont have to do this, michael
michael:  i cant, i cant…
creed:  undo it
michael:  i cant change anything. this is the way…
creed: no, you have the power to undo it
michael:  i dont… okay, just listen
creed:  michael, undo it
michael:  dont
michael:  yeah, i went hunting once. shot the deer in the leg, had to kill it with a shovel. took about an hour. why do you ask
michael:  i have to fire someone today, okay
creed:  fine. fire someone else. fire devon. hes terrible. i am so much better at my job than devon
michael:  okay, well… i already picked you. and you know that. so, unless i just go through with this, youre always gonna look at me as the guy who almost fired you
creed:  no, no, no, no, no, no. i will forget so fast. you will be my savior. youre they guy who gave me my life back. thank you. i knew youd see it my way michael. god bless you. youre a fine man
michael:  dont…
creed:  listen, you will not regret this either. devon is terrible; no ones gonna miss him. good, good, good
michael:  devon, could i talk to you for a sec
devon:  creeds an idiot, you know that
michael:  well, he…
devon:  no, no, no, no, no, no! you had it right the first time
michael:  well, maybe i did
devon:  exactly. you gotta go with your gut, man
michael:  huh. no! i cant, no. i cant go back. i would look like an idiot
devon:  thats why im being fired
michael:  no
devon:  so you might not look like an idiot
michael:  no. it was all the stuff that i said. it was the business downturn, the cutbacks, and, and…
devon:  this is unbelievable
michael:  i just hope that you and i can remain friends
michael:  devon, wait, please
devon:  what
michael:  look, look. in addition to severance, and everything, i want to give you this gift certificate to chilis. from me. okay? no hard feelings
devon:   kevin, jim, pam, kelly, toby, oscar, meredith, phyllis, stanley, or the temp. if any of you wanna meet me for a drink, im going to be at poor richards. and the rest of you can go to hell
angela:   what about the halloween party
pam:  oh, hey, jim. wait, stop. um, im sorry… for pushing you towards cumberland. seriously, if you left here, i would blow my brains out
jim:   come on
jim:  thats just a figure of speech, you know? blow your brains out? come on. all it really means is that were friends. who else is she gonna talk to if im gone, right? i mean, if she left, i wouldnt blow my brains out. of course, i would take that job in maryland. because its double the pay, and soft shell crab just happens to be my favorite food
michael:  ilove halloween. you know, its just, its just fun. every year, its just fun. last halloween i came as janet jacksons boob. it was topical. people got a… a big kick out of it. the year before that, i came as monica lewinsky, and i wore a stained dress. the year before that, i also came as monica lewinsky. and before that, i was o.j. it was pretty funny. oh, i wish you were here last year
children:   trick or treat
michael:  he… hey, hey, hey, hey! how you doing? wow! you guys looks great
kid:  im a bumble bee
michael:  you look great! and youre a princess
kid:  a fairy princess
michael:  a fairy princess. youre very… 
kid:  im a lion
michael:  youre a lion.  wow, i want to hear your, your… oh!  oh, okay, thats all yours. thats all yours. grab it, grab it. you know what? you guys are getting all of these
michael:  hey, you. big jim. and phyllis. working hard, phyllis
phyllis:  mmm-hmm
michael:  of course. youre always working hard
phyllis:  thanks
michael:  keep it up. and theres stanley. no costume? well, no, not trying to fit in. i wish i had your confidence, i really do
stanley:  something wrong, michael
michael:  no, no. what could possibly be wrong? everythings great. just keep living your lives. everythings gonna be fine.  you are all such wonderful, innocent people
toby:  hey, jim
jim:  whats up, hef
toby:  michael
michael:  what? what
toby:  michael, do you have the name of the employee youre letting go? id like to start working on out-placement
michael:  fine. if you are so anxious to see a head roll, its you. there. you brought it on yourself. too bad. cant say that im sorry. its a relief
toby:  i dont report to you, michael. i report to the head of hr in new york
michael:  you asked for a name, i gave you a name. now youre not doing your job. why dont you just resign
toby:  they would just send someone else. you need to have an hr representative
michael:  just know that if i could have fired you, i would have
toby:  i know, michael
michael:  im going to have to do this sopranos-style. just whack him. guys, could you take the freight elevator, please
michael:  you know what? thats my foot.
michael:  you guys
michael:  i will handle it in the best way possible, but in case he or she goes postal, you will be available to subdue. am i correct
michael:  i dont know. hey, are you on our payroll or are you employed by the building
michael:  oh, shoot. okay, well, just have your pepper spray ready
michael:  all right. all right, this is it. by the time i get back to our floor, i will have decided.  wow, thatsa fast elevator
michael:  i have a proposal, everybody. listen up. now, corporate has been really breathing down my neck to make some pay cuts, but i refuse to fire anyone. so, i was thinking that maybe all of you would take a 10% pay cut and that would save the money. yeah
stanley:  yeah, were not doing that. i have kids in college. make a decision
michael:  okay, great. fine. well, then, if anyone is annoyed later at what goes down, you know who to blame. stanley. not the guy who was trying to be creative.
toby:  michael, its almost 5:00
michael:  leave me alone, okay
michael:  do you want some coffee
creed:  no, no. i had some, thanks
michael:   oh, wow. how long have you worked here? how many years, creed
creed:  fifteen years, i think
michael:  yeah, thats right. fifteen years and three months. wow, you were hired before i was. must be thinking about retirement
creed:  oh, no. i need the money
michael:  why
creed:  what do you mean, “why?
michael:  its just that you never got married and you live in an apartment
creed:  i dont know. i got nephews
michael:  yeah
creed:  yeah. yeah. and i buy them stuff, you know. oh, made some bad investments. why are you asking me this
michael:  just trying to be your friend
creed:  well, you never asked me about my life before, is all
michael:  of course, i did. i always… yes, i do
creed:  do you have something specific you wanted to talk to me about
michael:  are you pulling my leg or
creed:  no
michael:  you have no clue why ive asked you in here
creed:  i do not
michael:  oh, here we go. this… um, heres the deal
michael:  yes. actually, i have. i have been on a hunting trip. i shot a deer in the leg. i had to… i had to hit him, i had to hit him with a shovel for about an hour, so he… thats good eating, though. venisons very gamey. its hard to watch, though. its hard to… its hard to hit another living thing in the face with a shovel for about an hour. that… i havent been hunting since then. i, i… ‘cause thats, you know, wheres the joy in that? wheres the… theres no sport, really. especially when youre the one with the shovel. and theyre the one just lying there. um… i would have rather hit it with my car or something and just… i was just smacking the hell out of that thing. that was a mess. and we just left him there. i didnt eat it. i didnt want to eat that. that guy. why do you ask
jan:   this is jan
michael:  his name was devon
jan:  excuse me
michael:  the human being mans name was devon
jan:  devon. the… oh, is this the man that you
michael:   yes, yes, yes
jan:  the person that you fired, michael
michael:  yes, it is
jan:  is that what youre… okay. oh, you sound a little… a little upset
michael:  uh, well, i am. a little. justifiably. my halloween is ruined
jan:  well, i have to say that i am impressed, michael. i know… i know how hard that was
michael:  do you? i dont think you do. devon was one of my best buddies. and now he hates me
jan:  well, im glad you did it, michael
michael:   youre glad
jan:  and so, good job. good job
michael:  thanks. thanks so much. you think it was good
jan:  yeah. good job
michael:   think i did a good job? great. i feel good. im gonna give myself a pat on the back
jan:   yup. yes
michael:  there. im doing it. right there. great
dwight:  youre supposed to be a cat
angela:  yes
creed:  you know, guys, michael has really incredible decision-making abilities. michaels really incredible at making decisions
michael:   yeah, blah, blah, blah
dwight:  pussy. here, pussy. pussy. pussy. here, pussy, pussy. meow
michael:  you people are revolting. by far, the least popular people here. i should have fired you. who knew devon was so popular and had so many friends. so well-loved
dwight:  i feel like i made the right choice. things happen for a reason. i wasnt destined to go to cumberland mills. just like anakin skywalker was destined to become darth vader, i am destined to sell paper here at dunder mifflin. thats what i was put on this earth to do
