dwight:  where is my desk
jim:  that is weird
dwight:  this is not funny.this is totally unprofessional.
jim:  ok, well, youre the one who lost the desk
dwight:  i didnt lose my desk
jim:  okay, calm down.where was the last place you saw it
dwight:  okay, who moved my desk
jim:  i think you should retrace your steps
dwight:  ok, i am going to tell michael and this entire office will be punished
jim:  colder… warmer… little warmer… there you go, ooh, warmer… warmer… warmer… warmer… warmer … cold, cold, cold, back up… ooh, ooh, warmer, hot, red hot,hot, very hot
dwight:   dwight schrute
jim:   hi, dwight, um, what sort of discounts are we giving on the 20 lb white model
dwight:  jim, ive given you this information, like, twenty times
jim:  i know
dwight:  its by the ream
jim:  uh, yeah, ream
dwight:  …now, $9.78, signs and discounts 7%
jim:  ok, thank you, gotta get back to work
dwight:  wash your hands, kevin
jim:   right, oh let me just check the pricing list.hold on one second…
dwight:   sensei, hello its sempai…
jim:  umm…
dwight:  dwight…
jim:  you know what, let me give you a call right back. im going to uh, find it and then ill call you back, thanks
dwight:  yes, i just had a ques-… yes sensei. arigatou gozaimashita. hai
jim:  was that your mom
dwight:  no, that was my sensei
jim:  oh, i thought it was your mom
dwight:  i am now sempai, which is assistant sensei
jim:  assistant to the sensei, thats pretty cool
dwight:  assistant sensei
jim:  ok
dwight:  i am a practitioner of goju ru karate, here in scranton. my sensei, ira, recently promoted me to purple belt, and gave me the duties of a sempai. not that a lot of people here in america know what a sempai is, but it is equally as respected as a sensei
stanley:  i dont want to stay until seven again this year
pam:  i dont really have any control over that stanley
pam:  michael tends to procrastinate a bit whenever he has to do work. umm, time cards, he has to sign these every friday. purchase orders have to be approved at the end of every month. and expense reports, all he has to do is initial these at the end of every quarter. but once a year, it all falls on the same friday and thats today. i call it the perfect storm
michael:   i dont want to work, i just want to bang on this mug all day
ryan:  did you ask me here for any specific reason
michael:  uhh, yes, i did, heres the dizzle. i have a very top secret mission for you. i want you to update all the emergency contact information
ryan:  why is that secret?
michael:   hello, oh god, busy work. ahh, get away, cretin
pam:  umm, i put stickers so you know where to sign.
michael:  yes, thank you. i know where to sign.
pam:  its just last year you…
michael:  last year they were out of order, werent they pam
pam:  well, the last pick-up for overnight deliveries is at seven. so you need to have them signed by then. or much earlier
michael:  chillax, pam. stop pam-m-s-ing. thats pretty good. um, actually, im sending ryan on a top secret mission. tell her what it is
ryan:  updating emergency contacts
pam: well, is that really a priority?
michael:  is it a priority? oh i dont know, um, what if there is a tornado, pam? peoples legs are crushed under rubble. “please, would you be so kind as to call my wife? no, i cant because we dont have any emergency contact information because pam said it wasnt a priority.” think. think with your head, pam. ok, well. she walks out. thats the problem with being a boss is that when you are tough they resent you and when you are cool they walk all over you
ryan:  catch-22
michael:  catch-22. yes. why dont you give me your contact information to start with, ok, whats your cell
jim:  uh, larissa halpert.
ryan:  whats her address?
jim:  117 mount bergin st.
ryan:  hello
michael:   hey ryan. this is michael jackson calling from wonderland
ryan:  do you mean neverland
michael:  this is tito.
ryan:  what
michael:  calling from…
pam:   youre major and minor lines cross at a ridge – that sucks
jim:  you making this up as you go along, arent you
pam:  i am just following the website
jim:  well, at least i dont have cavities
pam:  yes, you have very nice teeth
jim:  thanks
ryan:  who is your emergency contact?
kevin:  stacy
ryan: 
michael:   pick up
ryan:  hello
michael:   this is mike tyson
jim:  hey, dwight. as sempai, do you think there is ever going to be a day where humans and robots can peacefully co-exist
dwight:  impossible. the way theyre programmed… youre mocking me
jim:  no im not
dwight:  look, im going to offer you a little piece of advice. im not afraid to make an example out of you
jim:  oh, thats not advice. what advice sounds like is this: umm, dont ever bring your purple belt to work because someone might steal it.
dwight:  ok, give that back to me
jim:  ok, say please.
dwight:  no. that is not a toy.
jim:  please
dwight:  please
jim:  good, and it absolutely is a toy. arigatou.
dwight:  arigatou. this is not a toy. this is a message to the entire office so they can see that i am capable of physically dominating them
michael:  and this is more a ying-yang thing. the ‘michael all cursive, the ‘scott all caps. left brain, right brain. or, duality of man.
pam:  could you practice on the forms
dwight:  no women or children, unless provoked.
jim:  ok, roy?
dwight:  warehouse guy. doesnt count.
jim:  ok. michael? could you beat up michael?
michael:  yeah, yeah, i dont think that would happen
dwight:  because were friends
michael:  because i would kick his ass.
jim:  well, dwights a purple belt, so…
michael:  so? ive beaten up black belts.
jim:  uh, how did you know they were black belts
michael:  they told me. after. you see, i used to run with a very tough crowd. street fighter types. real, real bad people, im just lucky i got out
ryan:  is your wife still your contact
toby:  um, ex-wife. yeah. um, her last name is ‘becker now.
ryan:  ‘kay
toby:  you dont need to write ‘ex
michael:  and after that, nobody ever messed with the ‘damn rascals ever again.
jim:  sounds tough. when youre a jet,  youre a jet all the way, right?
michael:  you were a jet
angela:  have you signed the expense reports yet
michael:  yes, in theory, i have. i just need to cross some ts and dot some is. alright, im going to be in my office if anybody needs me.  hoo-hah. oh, wow, sleeper hold. thats my rebuttal. shhh. hoo. you are the weakest link.
dwight:  argggg
michael:  im friends with everybody in this office. were all best friends – i love everybody here. but sometimes your best friends start coming into work late, and start having dentist appointments that arent dentist appointments. and thats when it is nice to let them know that you can beat them up
michael:  just hit me. youll see
jim:  i cant. i just got a manicure
michael:  oh, queer…  eye. queer eye. thats a good show. important show. go ahead. do it
jim:  just have dwight punch you.
michael:  oh yeah, that would be kind of worthless because i know a ton of fourteen year old girls who can kick his ass
jim:  you know a ton of fourteen year old girls
dwight:  what belt are they
michael:  look, dwight is a wuss. when we rented ‘armageddon…
dwight:  no
michael:  … he cried at the end of it. he did
dwight:  michael, i told you, it was because it was new years eve and it began to snow at exactly midnight.
michael:  oh, bruce willis. are they going to leave him on the asteroid
dwight:  ok, ill punch you
michael:  ok, here we go. alright, come on
dwight:  kiyah
michael:  fuuuaaaahhhhh… oohhhhh
dwight:  did i want to harm michael? the one man ive been hired to protect? no, i did not
jim:  are you ok? are you sure you are alright
michael:  yeah.  thank you
dwight:  i come from a long line of fighters. my maternal grandfather was the toughest guy i ever knew. world war ii veteran. killed 20 men then spent the rest of the war in an allied prison camp. my father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. different kind of fight
jim:  ok, he has to be stopped. please, please, please, please, just ask michael
pam:  i dont know.
jim:  ok, ill buy you a bag of chips.
pam:  french onion
jim:  obviously
pam:  ok
jim:  yes
dwight:   take this pen and stab me with it.
michael:   go away
pam:  i just have a quick question
michael:  i havent signed them, ok
pam:  no, its not that. um, i was just wondering, since im probably going to have to stay late, could you ask dwight to stay late too so he can walk me to my car
michael:  come in. um, pam, i hate to break this to you but dwight cant stop you from being mugged. hes just not tough enough.
pam:  hes a purple belt. thats really high
michael:  oh, i could beat up dwight. thats ridiculous. i could murder him.
pam:  its just out there, you…
michael:  oh, so thats what they are saying
pam:  yeah
michael:  ok, alright, where is dwight?
jim:  uh, kitchen
michael:  ok
kelly:  hi-yah
dwight:  good
kelly:  wow, thats actually pretty cool dwight
dwight:  now watch, let me take you from behind
kelly:  what
michael:  watch out kelly, he might sucker punch you
dwight:  i didnt sucker punch you, michael.
michael:  no, really
dwight:  in case you remember, i was defending my honor… like a samurai
michael:  really? well, the offer, dwight, was for one punch which i absorbed. i had no idea that there would be a second punch. so, catch-22.
dwight:  ok, fine. tit for tit. give it your best shot. two punches. go
michael:  look, if we were in a bar right now, there would be two punches: me punching you and you hitting the floor
dwight:  no, i would block your first punch rendering it ineffective
michael:  really
dwight:  yeah
michael:  you know what? youre just lucky that we are at work right now
jim:  ooh, what about, uh,dwights dojo
michael:  no, they must have class.
dwight:  no, its free during the day. its fine
michael:  look…
dwight:  ive got the key
toby:  michael…
michael:  hey, toby
toby:  any word on those time cards
michael:  ive got an idea: why dont you leave right now. why dont you walk away from the room, ‘kay? fine. well go at lunch. pam, make an announcement. figure out carpools
jim:  um, well, we are all getting excited to see this fight. the albany branch is working right through lunch to prevent downsizing, but michael, he decided to extend our lunch by an hour so we could all go down to the dojo and watch him fight dwight. fight… fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, im coming, fight
michael:  i recognize that. that is japanese for california roll.
ira:  uh, no, its not.
michael:  i think it is. a guy told me about that
ira:  actually, its a symbol for eternal discipline
michael:  oh
jim:   wow, that is really interesting.
pam:  what?
jim:  your love line- im just kidding. i cant see anything.
pam:  well, look closer.
jim:   oh, ok.
pam:  once point for me
jim:   tied up
pam:  oh, youre dead
jim:  what, what are you going to do? bring it, beesley. bring it. oh yeah, good move. not such an ultimate fighter now.
pam:  hey, put me down. put me down.  oh my god, hey, put me down. hey
ira:  ok, gentlemen, listen up. after a clean strike to the chest, stomach, or kidneys, i will separate you and award a point. the first person to three wins. alright
dwight:  yes, sensei
michael:  alotta rules. alotta rules. on the street we didnt have any rules. maybe one – no kicks to the groin, home for dinner.
ira:  shi mate
dwight:  hiii!
michael:  hey
ira:  alright, break
michael:  what the hell was that
dwight:  yes
ira:  dwight – awarded a point
michael:  no.
dwight:  eat it
michael:  alright, thats the way you want it.
dwight:  two more
michael:  play dirty, huh? ok, game on, man.
kevin:  sweep the leg.
michael:  im comin atcha man. ok, purple belt, ok. i got him
dwight:  no.
michael:  i got his pants.
dwight:  it was my pants
ira:  no points for pants.
michael:  dwight, you have… no, you have something… god, you look like such an idiot!
ira:  clean single kick, gentlemen
michael:  go on, i dare you to kick there again. kick there again, i dare ya
ira:  ok, break. break
dwight:  no holding
michael:  you cant see. you cant see. good boy. good boy. great boy. two points, three points, four points. i win. i win.  eight points. nine points.
dwight:  no, stop it! come on! michael
michael:  open your mouth.
dwight:  no, michael
michael:  you talkin to me? you talkin to me? “raging bull.” pacino. oh, i want that footage. i want it. i need it. ah, i have to get back to work. i have lots of work… oh, oh check this out. come here.  there he is. mr. temp. having lunch by the car. let us play with him. thisll be hilarious.  oh, were playing phone tag
michael:  my emergency contact is todd packer. todd f. packer. do you know what the f. stands for
ryan:  fudge
michael:   yeah… uh, come in. oh, hey karate kid. the hillary swank version. hi. how are ya?
dwight:  i need to change my emergency contact information from michael scott
ryan:  ok, to what?
dwight:  just put “the hospital.” contact number: just put 9-1-1.
michael:  he is such a sore loser. you heard, obviously, that i mopped the floor with him this afternoon. you know what, um, do yourself a favor and just keep me as his contact and i will call the hospital. cut out the middle man
kevin:  later jim.
jim:  later, kev.  have a good weekend
pam:  yeah, you too
michael:   yeah.
ryan:  i have the emergency contacts.
michael:  yeah, just throw them on the chair. ill take it from here. so, whatcha up to this weekend?
ryan:  uh, hanging out with some friends, probably.
michael:  if youre doing anything crazy, give me a shout
ryan:  yeah, alright, ill um, see you monday.
michael:  alright, bye
michael:  dwight
angela:  michael, did you finish yet
michael:  this close. dwight, may i speak with you for a minute
dwight:  im busy.
michael:  well,  busier. making the time
stanley:  michael, cant your conversation wait till monday
toby:  we want to go home.
michael:  well, you dont even have anyone to go home to, toby.
pam:  the shipping place closes in a half hour.
michael:  i know, but ive been carrying the load on my back all day, and if everybody would just chip in a little bit, itd might help me out. what do you say? lets gangbang this thing and go home. good? dwight
angela:  this is illegal
stanley:  i dont care
michael:  i have been testing you the entire day. did you know that?
dwight:  of course
michael:  and i am happy to say that you have passed. so effective immediately i am promoting you from assistant to the regional manager to assistant regional manager.
dwight:  michael, i dont know…
michael:  i know, i know, i know, i wouldnt be offering it if i didnt think you could handle it
dwight:  i can handle it. i can. wow. so i guess this will just be my office
michael:  no, no, title change only.
dwight:  ill have pam send out a memo
michael:  no, no. three month probationary period. lets not tell anybody about this right now
dwight:  just a formality
michael:  absolutely but not really.
dwight:  michael, i have so much to learn from you
michael:  yes you do.
dwight:  thank you, sensei
michael:  and, ditto
michael:  i told dwight that there is honor in losing. which, as we all know, is completely ridiculous, but there is, however, honor in making a loser feel better which is what i just did for dwight. would i rather be feared or loved? um, easy. both. i want people to be afraid of how much they love me. and i think i proved that today at the dojo
master:   great. excellent.  all right. thats okay
dwight:   whoa, whoa, whoa. hold on. hold on. sorry, just one second
master:  dwight, you cant use your pager in here, i told you
dwight:  okay, i just
master:  dwight
dwight:  its a sales call
master:  ten push-ups. ten push-ups
dwight:  i can… yes, sensei
dwight:  do i feel bad that i havent bonded with the other students? no, im not there to make friends. im there to attack people
jim:  what about oscar? could you beat oscar
dwight:  no problem
jim:  i dont know.he looks pretty scrappy
dwight:  unless he has a shiv, in which case it wouldnt be a fair fight
jim:  true. meredith
dwight:  no women or children. unless provoked
jim:  okay. roy
dwight:  warehouse guy. doesnt count
jim:  okay. michael. could you beat up michael
michael:  yeah, i dont think that would happen. see, i used to run with a very tough crowd, street fighter types. real, real bad people. im just lucky i got out. i was a bad ass mo-fo. stanley knows what im talking about
stanley:  excuse me
michael:  ive never lost a fight. you know why? my motto. never say die
dwight:  you just said it. you just said it
michael:  no, thats not how i meant it
dwight:  die. you just… you said it
michael:  shut up, dwight
angela:  do you think hes signed them yet
oscar:  signed what
angela:  forget it. is that chocolate-vanilla swirl
oscar:  just chocolate. angela? for the last time, i did not eat your chocolate-vanilla swirl
kevin:  dont look at me.
angela:  i dont know why i write my name on things
kelly:  are you going to happy hour later
meredith:  im still recovering from last night. but maybe
master:  sir, your shoes
michael:  yes
master:  youre gonna have to take them off. its a sign of respect
michael:  oh. well, in my office, if you took off your shoes, it would be a sign of disrespect. stinkyfeetville. kind of a ying-yang.  oh, stretchin. i like to stay tight. compact.
master:  heres your gear. please put this on
michael:  do you have, do you have anything in, like, black
master:  okay. gentlemen.  you ready?  okay, listen up
alyssa:  hi, sensei. hi, dwight
master:   thats alyssa. my senpai. she just qualified for regionals
dwight:  alyssa? i guess shes technically the senpai. but nobody really respects her. the only reason she got into regionals was because her competition was a bunch of 13-year-old girls. put me in that division. lets see how she does
michael:  god, you look like such an idiot. 
michael:  stan the man
stanley:  hi, michael
michael:  did you hear about the fight? well, it wasnt much of a fight, actually
stanley:  no. are those purchase orders signed?
michael:  i opened a big can of whoop-ass on him
stanley:  huh? what
michael:  i went medieval on his heinie
stanley:  are those purchase orders signed
michael:  hey, stanley. i dont tell you how to do your job, do i? he
stanley:  look, i just want to have a job, michael. if we dont get these purchase orders
michael:  grow a pair, stanley. right? there not gonna downsize because i miss a lot of deadlines. thats not how business works, okay?  okay
dwight:  for the record, let me just say, michael scott has no honor. if he lived in japan, he would be an outcast. well, thats not totally true, cause asians worship chest hair. i had a friend, a hairy friend, who lived in japan. he told me the women would line up to satisfy his every need. so, and he wasnt even that attractive
michael:   all right. here you go, princess. just finished with part one
pam:  this is what you had ryan do
michael:  yes, under my tutelage
pam:  well, what about the other stuff that has to be in today
michael:  if you didnt badger me with so many questions, pam, i could be done with it by now
