ryan:   hey, have they left for the big meeting yet?ive got michaels lucky tie.
jim:  no.theyre in the conference room.
ryan:  good.
pam:  wait, are those michaels levis?
ryan:  yeah, who dry-cleans jeans
pam:  michael and his jeans.he gets in them, and im not exactly sure what happens.but i can tell you, he loves the way he looks in those jeans.i know thats why he started casual fridays
pam:   ill take those. thanks.
jan:  this is a projection of the countys needs… 
michael:  wow, graphs and charts, somebodys really been doing their homework.looks like usa today.
jan:  thirteen schools, uh, two hospitals
jim:  so this possible client theyre talking about, actually a big deal.its lackawanna county.our whole county.and if we get this, they may not have to downsize our branch.and i could work here for years.and years. years
jan:  so when we get to the radisson, id like to, um-
michael:  i changed it.to chilis.
jan:  excuse me?
michael:  radisson just gives out this vibe, “oh, im doing business at the radisson”.its kind of snooty.so.
jan:  you had no right to do that, michael.
michael:  heres the thing. chilis is the new golf course.its where business happens.small businessman magazine.
jan:  it said that.
michael:  it will.i sent it in.letter to the editor.
jan:  alright.but you will let me run this meeting.
michael:  uh huh, uh huh.  power trip.
jan:  what
oscar:  she had done a background check on me, she had it printed out.
jim:  no… 
oscar:  yeah.and she was asking me about stuff, line by line, while we were having dinner.
toby:  that is unbelievable.
pam:  what is going on?
jim:  we are doing worst first dates.
pam:  oh my god, i win!ok, it was a minor league hockey game. he brought his brother, and when i went to the bathroom, the game ended and they forgot about me.
oscar:  ok, thats a joke.
pam:  no, they had to come back for me. 
jim:  wait, when was this?
pam:  umm… it was not that long ago.
kelly:  wait, not roy.say its not your fiance.
jim:  i always knew pam has refused to go to sports games with roy, but i never knew why.interesting
michael:  ok, lets do this thing. wish us luck.
dwight:  good luck, michael. good luck, jan.
jan:  thank you.
michael:   kiss ass.ok, probably going to go late tonight.burning the midnight tequila.so, i think you could all just take off now.
jan:  michael, shouldnt take more than an hour.
michael:  well… 
jan:  do you always shut down the entire office when you leave for an hour?
michael:  no, no.that would not be efficient.actually, they just dont get very much work done when im not here. thats not true.i know how to delegate, and they do more work done when im not here.not more.the same amount of work is done, whether i am here or not. hey, everybody, listen up.this is what were gonna do.you sit tight, until i return.sound good?doesnt matter, its an order.follow it blindly, mwahahaha, ok?alright, ciao. adios
jan:  so which way is chilis?
michael:  uh, ill drive.
jan:  oh, no, thats alright.i wanna leave straight from there.
michael:  its just a couple blocks away, so… boy, you really dont know scranton, do you?
jan:  i know scranton.
michael:  at all!
jan:  alright.
michael:  you ever been to scranton, jan? dar de-
jan:  if its a couple blocks away-
michael:  dar de dar.
jan:  ok
michael:  jan levinson-gould.jan is cold.if she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasnt moving, you might think she was dead
michael:  we should come up with a signal of some sort.
jan:  why would we need a signal?
michael:  well, in case one of us gets into trouble, the other one can signal-
jan:  what kinda trouble are you planning on getting in, michael?
michael:  well, i… it could be either of us.
jan:  youre gonna let me do the talking, we agreed on that.
michael:  yeees
michael:  hello?christian?
christian:  yes.
michael:  thought that was you.hi.michael scott.this is jan levinson-gould.
jan:  just jan levinson.
michael:  no gould?
jan:  no.  thank you very much for meeting with us.have you been waiting long?
christian:  no, not long.
michael:  uh, jan, what happened?
jan:  michael.
michael:  is gould dead?what uh-
jan:  michael, we got divorced, ok?  im so sorry.excuse me.
michael:  wow, youre kidding me!do you wanna talk about?
jan:  michael.  uh, could we have a table for three, please?
michael:  when did this happen?
jan:  were in a meeting.
michael:  ok.
hostess:  this way, please.
jan:  christian.
michael:  alright, after you.
christian:  thank you.
michael: 
jan:  i thought we could start by going over the needs of the county.
christian:  right.well, lackawanna county has not been immune to the slow economic growth over the past five years.so for us, the name of the game is budget reduction-
michael:  awesome blossom.
jan:  what?
michael:   i think we should share an awesome blossom, what do you say?they are awesome. want to, christian, blossom?
christian:  sure.
michael:  ok, its done. actually,  megan, may we have an awesome blossom, please, extra awesome?now its done.
jan:  so-
michael:  i heard a-
jan:  if you have a-
michael:  very very funny joke the other day.wanna hear it?
jan:  christian, you dont have to listen to this.
christian:  its ok, i like jokes.
michael:  ok.
jan:  just the one.
michael:  just one joke.ok.well, if its just gonna be one, i will think of a different joke.umm… lets see… choo choo choo
pam:  dunder-mifflin, this is pam.
michael:  pam, its michael.i need you to go into my office and check some data for me
pam:   ok, you want me to read em?
michael:  yes.
pam:  ok. um, a fisherman is walking down fifth avenue walking an animal behind him-
michael:  no. 
pam:  when-
michael:  nope.told it.not as good as you think.pick another one.
pam:  ok.theres a transcript between a naval ship-
michael:  oh ho ho, yea!bingo! and a lighthouse.yes.that is hysterical.could you start that one from the beginning?
pam:  sure.theres a transcript between a naval ship and a lighthouse
jim:  is this real? 
pam:  it is a screenplay.starring himself.
jim:  agent michael scarn.
pam:  of the fbi.
jim:  how long is this? oh, pam. good work! oop, wait, stop.drawings.
pam:  what is that?
jim:  oh, those are drawings.in case the writing didnt really put a picture in your head.and there he is, in the flesh, agent michael scarn.now we know what he looks like
michael:  first guy says “well, im an astronaut, so i drive a saturn”.and the second guy says, “well, i am a pimp, so i drive a cheap escort”.and the third guy says “i gotcha both beat, im a proctologist, so i drive a brown probe”.
christian:  ohhh no!  oh my god, thats funny!i almost had awesome blossom coming out of my nose!
jan:  excuse me, could i have a vodka tonic, please
jim:  do we all have our copy of “threat level: midnight”, by michael scott?
everyone:  yeah, yeah.
jim:  alright, lets get this started.im gonna be reading the action descriptions, and phyllis, i would like you to play catherine zeta jones.
phyllis:  thats the characters name?
jim:  oh yeah-
dwight:  ok, you guys should not be doing this.
jim:  why not, dwight?this is a movie.i mean, this is for all of america to enjoy.
dwight:  you took something that doesnt belong to you.
jim:  dwight-
dwight:  brought it in here-
jim:  do you want to play- 
dwight:  made copies of it-
jim:  the lead role of agent michael scarn
michael:  yum! yum yum yum! thats delicious!i love it!
jan:  we would probably be upset with ourselves if we went this whole night without talking business, so, dunder-mifflin can provide a level of personal service to the county that the warehouse chains just cant match.
christian:  well, we are out to save money.
jan:  whats the bottom line?
michael:  bop! be blah bop, be boo boo bop
michael:  thats why i wanted a signal, between us, so that i wouldnt have to just shout non-sense words.thats her fault
michael:  did somebody say “baby back ribs”?hmmm? hmmmmm?
jan:  i dont think christian has time for that.
christian:  i have time.
michael:   i want my baby back, baby back, baby back 
michael:   chilis baby back ribs
jim:   inside the fbi, agent michael scarn sits with his feet up on his desk.catherine zeta jones enters.
phyllis:  sir, you have some messages.
dwight:  not now!
phyllis:  theyre important.
dwight:  ok, what are they?
phyllis:  first message is: “i love you”.thats from me.
dwight:  not in a thousand years, catherine.we work together.and get off my desk
dwight:  yes, i have acted before.i was in a production of “oklahoma” in the seventh grade.i played the part of mutey the mailman.they had too many kids, so they made up roles like that.i was good
dwight:  if it isnt my old partner, samuel l. chang.
ryan:  agent michael scarn, you lost some weight.
dwight:  thank you for noticing.now keep me company for one more mission. 
pam:  hey, uh, i have to work late.
roy:   youre joking right?
jim:  michael scarn takes out a nine-millimeter gun and shoots the-
dwight:  pow! pow! pow!
ryan:  hahaha, agent michael scarn, you so funny.word
kevin:  michaels movie?two thumbs down.  heh
jim:  a man sitting several seats down, who has a gold face, turns to michael scarn.  uh… ooh, oscar, you wanna play goldenface?
oscar:  mr. scarn, perhaps you would be more comfortable in my private jet?
dwight:  yes, perhaps i would, goldenface.sam, get my luggage.
ryan:  i forget it, brutha.
dwight:  samuel, you are such an idiot, you are the worst assistant ever.and youre disgusting, dwigt.  wait, whos dwigt
pam:  heres what we think happened.michaels sidekick, who all through the movie is this complete idiot whos causing the downfall of the united states, was originally named dwight.but then michael changed it to samuel l. chang using a search and replace, but that doesnt work on misspelled words, leaving behind one dwigt.and dwight figured it out.oops
dwight:  d-w-i-g-h-t
dwight:  ok, you know what? i am done with this.thats it, the end.
jim:  well, some of us wanna keep reading, so-
dwight:  uh, you dont speak for everyone, jim. ok, announcement.my uncle bought me some fireworks.anyone who wants to see a real show, come with me outside now.
jim:  thats actually a good idea.well all take a brief intermission. hey, are you hungry?
pam:  yeah.
jim:  yeah
christian:  so after watching my mom go through so much pain, i decided to keep that promise, that i made to her, and take care of her.
michael:  woo, well, this brings us to jan.truth or dare?tell us about your divorce. ohh, ohh.
jan:  oh no, michael, michael, please.no, really.
michael:  oh, so youre not gonna play?shes not playing.
christian:  its not fair.
michael:  shes not playing the game.
jan:  wed been fighting for a while-
michael:  check please.
jan:  he didnt want kids, but i knew that going into it.but he also knew that i did.i guess i thought that he would change his mind; he thought that i would change mine.
christian:  you didnt.
jan:  i was stupid.
michael:  no, you were not stupid.gould was stupid.right?
christian:  thats right.
michael:  you know?
christian:  you were really brave!you, you put your arms out there, you slit your wrists.
michael:  its true.
christian:  you said “world, this is my blood!its red, just like yours.so love me!
jim:  i had plans to meet a friend tonight.which i had to cancel.but this is cool, too. im not a complainer
jim:   wow.
pam:  for the bugs.
jim:  nice.thats excellent, because bugs love my famous grilled cheese sandwich.
pam:  yes… nice!i cant remember the last time someone made me dinner
christian:  right down the street?
michael:  uh huh, kenneth road, born and raised.spent my whole life right here in lackawanna county and i do not intend on movin.i know this place.i know how many hospitals we have, i know how many schools we have.its home, you know?i know the challenges this countys up against.heres the thing about those discount suppliers.they dont care.they come in, they undercut everything, and they run us out of business, and then, once were all gone, they jack up the prices.
christian:  i know.
michael:  its bad.
christian:  its terrible.
michael:  it, you know what, it really is.
jan:  uh- 
christian:  i dont know.i guess i could give you guys our business, but you have to meet me half way, ok, because theyre expecting me to make cuts.
michael:  well, corporates gonna go ballistic, but, uh, you think we could jan
jim:  so, i guess ill see you in  ten hours.
pam:  what are you going to do with your time off?
jim:  travel.ive been looking forward to it.its gonna be… really nice.gonna find myself.
pam:   you have new music?
jim:  yeah.  definitely
michael:  see ya.
jan:  bye… thanks.  yes!
michael:  we did it!
jan:  we got it!
michael:  nailed it.nailed it!come here.
jan:  i am really-  thrilled.  lets go.
michael:  what!?
jan:  lets go.
michael:  goin. ok.where we goin?doesnt matter.goin to the go go.  oh-ok
dwight:   michael?michael? michael? his cars not in the parking lot.i should check the accident reports.  whos this?jan
michael:  morning, pam.hey
michael:  no, nothing happened.i-i swear, nothing happened.what, im, totally being serious.a gentleman does not kiss and tell, and neither do i.  no, seriously, guys, im not, i dont want to go into it at all.its off limits.fine, i took her back to her hotel and we made out for a little while.it was great.i mean she told me about her divorce, we talked for about five hours, she fell asleep on my arm.so
michael:  hello, dwight.
dwight:  did you do her?
michael:  who.
dwight:  jan levinson-gould.
michael:  uh, no, no, no gould.
dwight:  did you do her?
michael:  this is none of your affair because she is your boss-
dwight:  and she is your boss.
michael:  and she is a woman.she is a strong, soft, thoughtful, sexy woman.and you know what?i dont think that i can sit here and let you talk about her that way without me defending her honor. jan, i defend your honor.is that all
jim:  jan didnt come back for her car last night.
pam:  what!?
jim:  could it be that agent michael scarn has finally found his catherine zeta?
pam:  oh, i dont know…  oh my god.this is jans cell.
jim:  no way.
pam:  dunder-mifflin, this is pam
michael:  i know we have to register as a consensual sexual relationship with hr.my question: do i do it as the man?does she do it as my superior?i dont know.that leads to other issues that we may have in our relationship.its, uh,  excuse me.hello?hi!just talking about you.the camera?no.uh huh.hows traffic?i miss you.what.ok.well, if it was a mistake, it was a wonderful mistake.no. would you excuse me?  no, i did not intentionally get you drunk. um hmm.no, no.  this is just a fight. this is just a first fight of many fights were gonna have.right.no.wha-so-i dont understand, you wanna see other people.only other people.wh-why, ok, i think youre still a little bit drunk  excuse me?excuse me?! i think youre, yes, why dont you just come back here, go to the hotel, have a few drinks and-no, no.i didnt slip you something
jim:  some might even say that we had our first date last night.
pam:  oh, really?
jim:  really.
pam:  why might some say that?
jim:  cause there was dinner, by candlelight.
pam:  uh hmm.
jim:  dinner and a show, if you include michaels movie. and there was dancing and fireworks.pretty good date.
pam:  we didnt dance.
jim:  youre right, we didnt dance.it was more like, swaying.but still romantic.
pam:  swaying isnt dancing.
jim:  least i didnt leave you at a high school hockey game.
pam:  i have some faxes to get out.
jim:  oh, come on, pam.i
jim:  ok, we didnt dance.i was totally joking anyway.i mean, its not really a date if the girl goes home to her fiance.right
michael:  have you ever heard of doctor david friendly?
pam:  hmm… 
michael:  doctor david friendlys egg yolk diet.its, its kind of unique.its just, my diet the last couple months has consisted mostly of eggs yolks and cottage cheese.and, um, what you do, you dont just have the egg yolks, its not like a rocky thing.you do like hard boiled eggs and i got one a those melon ballers  and i, its just like a little ice cream scoop, and i just scoop out the middle of the egg and just pop it in my mouth.i dont even, i dont even use a plate anymore.uh, the first couple weeks i did, but you know what, boom, i keep a melon baller in my desk so if i have a hard boiled egg  i know, i know!but you know what?its perfect.i know it sounds ridiculous, it sounds ridiculous, but you know what?dr. david friendly, he came up with this thing.the guy, i think he was like four hundred pounds when he started, and he started with this… i, well, the melon baller was my idea
kevin:  most of that is good.
michael:   not today, kevin.cannot be around carbs today.you know what one loaf of bread would do to my abs
jan:  im almost there, so we should have plenty of time to go over the presentation.
michael:  uh huh.
jan:  and, uh, hmm, excuse me, ive also confirmed the meeting this afternoon at four p.m.
michael:  conflict!
jan:  what?
michael:  i have a conflict with that.
jan:  what do you mean?
michael:  uh, i have a pajama party.at the playboy mansion.with the bunnies.
jan:  michael.i need you to take this seriously.
michael:  i cant get out of it!
jan:  michael-
michael:  ok, alright.
jan:  are you hearing me?
michael:  im hearing you, meeting confirmed.
jan:  this is a very important-
michael:  meeting confirmed.would you like your confirmation number?please grab a pen, because i will only be repeating this once.
jan:   ill see you in ten minutes.
michael:  42897.ok
michael:  what is a closer?a closer is a sales term for someone who always gets the job done.and that is me.a b c, always be closing.glen garry, glen ross.“hey, gimme the glen ross leads.”“no way, theyre just for closers.”“do you know who youre talking to?” “im michael scott.”“really?well, take any lead you want.”“no thanks, i dont need em.”because i have a client list  right here in my computer. so suck on that
jim:  hey.
pam:  hi.
jim:  what are you doing?
pam:  i dont know, i think i was just staring at my desk.
jim:  really?do you wanna get back to that?i could go.i should go.
pam:  yeah, do you mind leaving?
jim:  no, not at all.
pam:  its very important.
jim:  uh hmm.
pam:  thank you.
jim:  sure
phyllis:  do you think theyll get the account.  how come you never answer me?
stanley:  im sorry, phyllis.no, i dont think theyll get the account
jim:   bullets are flying everywhere.ooo, wait, last page, big finish.here we go. agent michael scarn kicks open the plane door with a karate chop.
dwight:  a kick and a chop are two totally different things.
jim:  well, its just a movie, dwigt.
dwight:  it doesnt make any sense.
oscar:  yeah, now it doesnt make any sense.
ryan:  dont jump agent scarn! there are no parachutes!
jim:  just then, agent chang gets a bullet in the head.
pam:  oh! so close to retirement.
jim:  another bullets heads towards agent michael scarn, but he jumps out of the plane without a parachute.
ryan:  is that it?
jim:  yup, i guess so.
phyllis:  does he die?
pam:  i sincerely doubt it.
angela:  i have to say, i think this is a terrible movie
jim:  what was my worst first date?umm.it was a couple of years ago.it was a lunch date, actually, it was right down here, at cuginos.and we had just met, and we really hit it off, it was, it was kinda nice.umm, huh.and, uh, then, as it turned out, it wasnt even a date, because she was actually in love with someone else.so, best first date is also my worst first date.oddly enough
