dwight:   you should get one of these
jim:  no.thank you
dwight:  do you even know what this is?it is a fitness orb and it has completely changed my life.forget everything you thought you knew about ab workouts
jim:  done
dwight:  this ab workout is specifically designed to strengthen your core.  sorry
jim:  sok
dwight:  numerous health benefits, strengthens your back, better performance in sports, more enjoyable sex
jim:  youre not having sex
dwight:  plus, improves your reflexes  see, i would have caught that
jim:  ok, you know what, uh, how much is that
dwight:  its only twenty-five bucks
jim:  wow.um, ok.
michael:  pam, could i see you in my office
pam:  its performance review day, company-wide.last year, my performance review started with michael asking me what my hopes and dreams were, and it ended with him telling me he could bench-press 190 pounds.so, i dont really know what to expect
michael:  pam, youre trustworthy
pam:  thank you
michael:  and a woman
pam:  oh, no
michael:  and i want you to listen to a voicemail from my boss.  “michael, its jan. i guess i missed you.ill, uh, be there this afternoon for performance reviews.i hope its understood that that will be our only topic of discussion. see you soon.”first impressions
pam:  uh, just off the top… i think shell be here this afternoon
michael:  my boss is coming in today, the lovely jan levinson-gould will, well, no gould. the gould has been  swack, divorced.um, the awkward part is that this will be the first time that well be seeing each other since, well, uh, it was really nothing.we just sort of got caught up in the moment.the vulnerable divorcee gives herself to the understanding, with rugged good-looks, office manager.just, uh, she didnt want it to continue for some reason.it, we both, i didnt want it, we both didnt want it to continue.was not professional.um, when people say somethings mutual, it never is.but this was mutual
michael:   “i guess i missed you.” i guess i missed you.so, she misses me
pam:  she missed you
michael:  but then she goes on to say “that will be our only topic of discussion”.that doesnt mean anything, those are just words
pam:  i have one idea of what it means
michael:  ok. yeah, what, what
pam:  well i dont think youre gonna be very happy with this
michael:  ohhh, great.well, now im in a terrible mood.lets do your performance review
pam:  because shes conflicted.she has to be professional, but shes fighting feelings… for you
michael:  ah, why, thats great news?that, that, then why would, why would i not like that
pam:  um, just cause, that, you work together, and it might be awkward
michael:  oh, wow, wow.alright, lets listen to that again.  “michael, its jan.i guess i missed you”
dwight:  oh, hey, listen, jim.heres a little tip for your performance review
jim:  ok
dwight:  tell michael that we should be stocking more of the double-tabbed manila file folders
jim:  we dont have double-tabbed manila file folders
dwight:  oh, yes, we do
jim:  no, we dont
dwight:  yeah, its a new product.so, you should just suggest that to him and hell be sure to give you a raise
jim:  alright… well, im not asking for a raise. im gonna actually be asking for a pay decrease
dwight:  uh, that is so stupid.what if he gives it to you
jim:  i win
dwight:  ugh, you know what?i am going to zone you out for the rest of today.i need to stay focused, and i dont have to see you tomorrow or sunday and please dont call me, and well see how things go on monday.uh, stupid
jim:  wait, wait; one thing.uh, by tomorrow, you mean saturday, right
dwight:  uh, duh
jim:  duh
jim:  today is thursday.but dwight thinks that its friday.and thats what ill be working on this afternoon
stanley:  sometimes women say more in their pauses than they say in their words
michael:  really
stanley:  oh, yes.lets listen to it again.and this time, really listen to the pauses
michael:  god, stanley, thats frickin brilliant. how do you know that?did you learn that on the streets?sorry
stanley:  oh, no, thats ok.i did learn it on the streets.on the ghetto, in fact
michael:  no kidding
stanley:  its all about my bonus
pam:  michael and jan definitely made out
jim:  ohh…
pam:  maybe more
jim:  eck!… oh! also, it is thursday, but dwight thinks its friday.so, keep that goin
pam:  oh, yea
michael:  good work, stanley. great performance review.stanley in the house, everybody.woo!angela, your turn
angela:  i actually look forward to performance reviews.i did the youth beauty pageant circuit.and i enjoyed that quite a bit.i really enjoy being judged.i believe i hold up very well to even severe scrutiny
pam:  michael
michael:  yeah
pam:  jans on the phone for you
michael:  oh; angela, you were totally satisfactory this year
michael:  interesting.jan is calling me.maybe it wasnt so mutual after all.  yeah
jan:  michael
michael:  jan!to what do i owe this pleasure
jan:  i am returning your many calls
michael:  well, hello to you, too.um, yeah, i was just um, i just wanted to get some closure on uh, what transpired between us at the meeting we had in the parking lot of the chilis
jan:  no. no, we wont be discussing that, michael.the only things i wanna talk about during your performance review are your concrete ideas to improve your branch
michael:  well, surely this uh, review is a formality because of what happened uh, at our meeting in the parking lot of chilis
jan:  uh, your review is anything but a formality, michael
michael:  oh
jan:  i expect you to forget anything that you think may have happened between us and exhibit completely professional behavior
michael:  been thinking about you
jan:  ok, that is an example of completely unprofessional behavior
michael:  um, i dont see how thats unprofessional. just
jan:  michael
michael:  yep
jan:  are the cameras with you
michael:  no
jan:  …in your office
michael:  they are not.yes, they are. thats my girlfriend
kevin:  i heard they made out and had sex
oscar:  no, they just made out.thats it
kevin:  well, i heard they made out 
angela:  dont talk about it.office romances are nobodys business but the people involved
kevin:  romances
michael:  pam, i have ideas on a daily basis. i know i do.i have a clear memory of telling people my ideas.um, is there any chance you wrote any of my ideas down?in a folder?a “michael-idea” folder
pam:  sorry
michael:  thats unfortunate.how bout the suggestion box?theres tons of ideas in there
pam:  what suggestion box
michael:  the suggestion box that i put out, and people could be put in suggestions anonymously?maybe theres prizes
pam:  oh, yeah. uh, i think i remember that from back from when i first started
michael:  why dont you find it and tell people to get theirs… never mind, ill tell them.hello, everybody?yeah, uh, attention, please.jan levinsons coming, very soon, and so, were going to have our weekly suggestion box meeting, so you can all get your constructive compliments in a.s.a.p
ryan:  dont you mean constructive criticism
michael:  what did i say
kelly:  you said “constructive complements”; that doesnt make any sense
michael:  well, kelly, that was neither constructive nor a compliment, so maybe you should stop criticizing my english and start making some suggestions. ‘k
jim:   hey, dan, this is jim, and it is about 11:15, and i wanted to know what you were up to tomorrow, which is the fifteenth, and that is a…
dwight:  saturday
jim:   …saturday, so just let me know what youre doing tomorrow, saturday, for lunch. ok, talk to you soon
jan:  well address this in the meeting then. ok. ok, bye-bye. could you please tell michael that im here
pam:  sure
michael:  hi, jan.how are you
jan:  im good; how are you
michael:  good to see you
jan:  nice to see you
michael:  ok.  ok, why dont we just step into my office?were gonna go in here
jan:  can we please go in your office
michael:  yep, right after you.apres-vous.  no calls
kevin:  oooo
michael:  alright 
jan:  thank you
michael:  its nice to see you
jan:  nice to see you too, michael
michael:  really
jan:  not like that
michael:  oh, well
jan:  you know michael, i think i need to make something clear right off the top.im not going to discuss anything with you other than dunder-mifflin business
michael:  alright
jan:  period
michael:  yep
jan:  do we understand each other
michael:  absolutely
michael:  im a little confused.‘cause first its all like kissy-kissy.and then its like all regret.because “oh, i regret that.”but, “wait, im still gonna call you.”but, but, “were just gonna talk business.and i may come down and fire you if you dont do your job.”but what were talking about when we first kissed?business
jan:  so are you still in the middle of the performance reviews then
michael:  no, no, no, i finished all of that.im very fast.im not too fast.not like wham-bam-thank ya maam.but i do say thank ya maam.but, im, im not like wham-bam.not that theres anything wrong with wham-bam.if its consensual.were talking about office stuff.can i ask you a question
jan:  no
michael:  this is a business question. its nothing personal, i promise
jan:  fine
michael:  are you wearing a new perfume today
jan:  how is that a business question
michael:  well, youre wearing it at the office. and  it, im sorry, but no offense, but its really sexy
jan:  please dont smell me, michael
pam:  hey, jim
jim:  hey, hows it goin
pam:  oh my god, did you see “the apprentice” last night
jim:  course, its on every thursday night, so how could i miss it
pam:  can you believe who trump fired
jim:  no, that was unbelievable
dwight:  who?who was it?who did he fire
pam:  you didnt see it
dwight:  no, i went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night.crap!i never go out on a thursday night; what the hell was i thinking
michael:  i dont understand-  hold on.sorry. yes, pam
pam:  michael, its time for the suggestion box meeting
michael:  im kind of in the middle of something. i wish you wouldnt interrupt
pam:  you told me to buzz you about the suggestion box meeting when jan was here
michael:  i did not, not, not use those words
jan:  uh, id like to sit in on that meeting  is it happening right now
michael:  no, its in like ten minutes
pam:  everyones waiting in the conference room
jan:  great.very good
michael:  why are we here?because i value your opinions.now, i know a lot of dont think that i read your suggestions, but i do.i just sift through them every week and i really look and scrutinize to see what you guys are writing.um, so, lets, uh, just read some of these suckers.alright.number one: “what should we do to prepare for y2k?
dwight:  what should we do to prepare for y2k
kelly:  i thought you read these every week
michael:  well, obviously this one got stuck in the box.  that happens occasionally
dwight:  it happens occasionally
michael:  and, um, one down.next suggestion: “we need better outreach for employees fighting depression”.ok, alright, enough with the jokes.nobody in here is suffering from depression
jan:  that sounds serious, michael
michael:  oh, ok, well, yeah, who wrote it
dwight:  tom
michael:  tom.then it is a joke because there is nobody in here named tom
phyllis:  tom?he worked in accounting up until about a year ago.  tom?  pow
michael:  oh, that guy?that guy was weird.alright, next suggestion
dwight:  next suggestion
michael:  arrr, dooby dooby do. “you need to do something about your b.o.
dwight:  you need to do something about your b.o
michael:  ok, i dont know who this suggestion is meant for, but its more of a personal suggestion and its not an office suggestion.far be it for me to use this as a platform to embarrass anybody
toby:  arent the suggestions meant for you
michael:  well, toby, if by me you are inferring that i have b.o., then i would say that is a very poor choice of words
creed:  uh, michael, he wasnt inferring, he was implying.you were inferring
michael:  was i, creed?!ok, well, you know what? i am implying is that when were on an elevator together, i should maybe take the stairs, because talk about stank.not that i would ever say something like that in public, and i never have, and i never will. i just think its something that we should all be aware of.ok?now that weve learned this, lets continue.see, this is good, were learning and were figuring some stuff out.“you need to do something about your coffee breath”
dwight:  you need
michael:  ok
dwight:  to do something about
michael:  shut up, shut up, shut up, dwight, ok. i dont think you people are grasping the concept of the suggestion box
angela:  sometimes you talk to us real close
michael:  yeah, is that hard for you?alright, well
angela:  well, when you have coffee breath
michael:  ill work on that
angela:  its hard
michael:  lets keep going.keep it going.yep.what do we have here?we have somebodys piece of gum.somebody put a piece of gum in there.this is not a, a garbage can, this is the future of our company.this is not a place for gum.i dont wanna have to read these tomorrow
dwight:  yeah, who wants to come in on a saturday
michael:  yeah, what? uh, alright, next suggestion
dwight:  next suggestion
michael:  “dont sl-“, ok, thats blank  dont, just put it
dwight:  “dont sleep with your boss”? do you think this is referring to you boning jan
jan:  i cant, i cant
michael:  i dont understand why youre so upset
jan:  please sit down
michael:  let me ask you
jan:  youre gonna sit here and im gonna go sit over there
michael:  ok, let me ask you this
jan:  please, sit yourself down
michael:  let me ask you something
jan:  what, michael
michael:  where did you get your outfit
dwight:   you are giving me this raise!i deserve this raise!  yes!  yes! yes! hiya!the least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation! keeya eyah!yes!why are you gonna give me this raise?why?because… im awesome! i am awesome
michael:  i just dont understand why you have to pretend like nothing happened
jan:  because nothing did, michael.it, im not going to say anything more about it, and i would advise that you do the sam
michael:  look
dwight:  michael
michael:  oh my god…
dwight:  im sorry, am i interrupting?oh god; were you guys making out
jan:  no, dwight; come in
dwight:  great
michael:  what do you want dwight
dwight:  i am ready for my performance review
michael:  ok, great.your performance has been adequate.you may leave; goodbye
jan:  is this how youve been conducting all the reviews, michael
michael:  you wanna talk now, good; ok, dwight, leave
dwight:  uh, wait, i would like to discuss my raise
michael:  why on earth would we give you a raise
dwight:  that is an excellent question. thank you for asking.let me bring up one word: dedication.  i have never been late.also, i have never missed a day due to illness.  even when i had walking pneumonia.i even come in on holidays
michael:  you do?how do you get in
dwight:  i have a copy of your key
jan:  thats a serious offense
michael:  that is a serious offense. very serious.as is toying with a mans heart
jan:  oh! michael, for god sakes
dwight:  id also further like to talk about my merits in the workplace
michael:  ok, third wheel, why dont you do that
dwight:  for instance, the time i brought in deer jerky for the whole office.
michael:  that was deer!? gross, oh
dwight:  you liked it
michael:  oh, did not
dwight:  jan, have you ever had deer
jan:  no
dwight:  its a delicacy.and you know what?its an aphrodisiac.so when were done here, you guys could go over to the antler lodge, sample some deer and talk about my raise
michael:  what do you say, jan
jan:  ok! heres what im gonna do: im gonna step outside, collect my thoughts, and i will return in about ten minutes
michael:  ok. you just, uh, clear your head
jan:   thank you, dwight
jan:  look, i know its your job, i know you have to ask, but i promise you, im not gonna discuss it with him, im certainly not gonna discuss it with you. do you have a light
dwight:  and in conclusion, i think that lex luthor said it best when he said “dad, you have no idea what im capable of”
michael:  thats from superman
dwight:  smallville.and that is why, i feel, that i deserve this raise
pam:  do you think michael and jan actually
jim:  i dont really wanna picture it.but thank you, pam
pam:  how do you come back from that
jim:  um, you dont, i dont think, come all the way back, you know.especially working together
pam:  no, i mean doing that with michael. how do you come back from that
jim:  oh
pam:  as a human being
jim:  yeah, no, i dont think you can
jan:  im heading back to new york; alan and i will conduct your performance review over the phone tomorrow
michael:  wait
jan:  ‘k
michael:  wait, wait, wait, come, i just, i just wanna know why
jan:  michael, now is not the time or the place
michael:  ok, so youre saying that there is a different time or place
jan:  no, i am saying we are never having this conversation
michael:  well, ok, well never as in ‘never ever ever, or never as in theres still a chance
jan:  never, for me, always means ‘never ever ever
michael:  i just want to know, from the horses mouth, what is the dealio
jan:  michael, it has nothing
michael:  am i too short
jan:  with your looks, ok?its your personality.i mean, youre obnoxious, and rude, and, and, and stupid, and you do have coffee breath, by the way, and, and i dont agree about the b.o., but you are very, very inconsiderate
michael:  really
jan:  really.youre, youre, youre a great guy, ok
michael:  i appreciate that, thank you
jan:  and you were very sweet, and you stayed up with me and talked with me, cried with me, and i appreciate that
michael:  no, i wasnt, i didnt cry
jan:  at this time in my life.i just am not in the place right now where im looking for a relationship, so we can still work together, we can still be friends but… ok
michael:  so my looks have nothing to do with it
jan:  ohhh, god
michael:  jan is not in a place where she feels she can have a relationship right now.and it doesnt matter how great a guy i am.and that is all i needed; im good.i can go home now
michael:  hey, its 12:20; where the hells dwight
jim:  ummm… no idea
michael:  never missed a day, my ass
pam:   thank you
dwight:   im here! im here! im here! its ok
michael:  oscar, im ready for you.
oscar:  today is performance-review day, company-wide, and im a little concerned about my review. i exceeded my sick days and my personal days because i just couldnt take it. and i dont have a good answer for him, when he asks me.
michael:  so
oscar:  michael, i dont know what to say
michael:  um, youre in accounting
oscar:  yes, im in accounting and im sorry and all the extra days. i know i passed my limit
michael:  so, good, good, good. something to work toward, being here more. im a big believer in people being here more
oscar:  yes.
dwight:  you know what this is
jim:  yes
dwight:  no, you dont
jim:  then why the question
dwight:  this is a visual aid for my performance review. budget is tight, and if anyone is getting a raise, it is gonna be a fight to the death. and i intend on winning that fight. “dwight: determined, worker, intense, good worker, hard worker, terrific. dwight.
jim:  i have one, too. jim. jim, is jim. my name is jim
dwight:  thats a total waste of your “m.
jim:  really
dwight:  yeah
jim:  you have a better idea
dwight:  yeah, magnificent worker, marvelous worker, more money for this worker. man, i like this worker. mighty worker.thats good. thats good
jim:  ill use that.
jan:  i am not going to discuss anything with you other than dunder mifflin business.
michael:  all right
jan:  period
michael:  yup
jan:  do we understand each other
michael:  absolutely.
michael:  “i am not going to discuss anything outside of dunder mifflin business, period.” okay. now, why would jan say she only wants to talk business and then make it clear that she is on her period? god, i dont understand women. how about a clear signal, right? is that too much to ask?
jim:  so, thats… its great
michael:  yes, it is
jim:  yeah. you have fun
michael:  yes, i did
jim:  did you go to first base
michael:  hell, yeah
jim:  oh, yeah
michael:  yeah
jim:  did you go to second
michael:  what
jim:  second
michael:  kind of, yeah. over the shirt, my elbow, but
jim:  okay, so close call at second. was there an infield fly
michael:  um, yup, wait, yes
jim:  pop-up
michael:  no, there… later there was
jim:  really
michael:  yes
jim:  so, you got the signal from the third-base coach. you know what im saying? like if there was a fly out to deep right, you know. a runner on second. he tagged up, didnt he
michael:  i didnt, you know, it was… it was dark, for one thing
jim:  office romances. um…  i think you should probably ask pam cause shes in an office romance, technically.
michael:  lets just push on, shall we
dwight:  pushing on
michael:  its next. just keep it. “look on the supply shelf.” what? what is that? all right, ryan, look on the supply shelf, would you
ryan:  yeah. its another note
michael: okay, yeah
ryan:  “look on the windshield.
michael:  okay
dwight:  does it specify which windshield
ryan:  ill check them all
dwight:  this ought to be good
jim:  which one
dwight:  oh, no, no. its on the miata
pam:  he sees it
dwight:  what does it say
jim:  he cant hear you
michael:  okay, field trips over. come on. could we please get back to this
dwight:   come on. lets get back to this
michael:  all right, dont break any lands-speed records getting back, okay, stanley
stanley:  im back
michael:  christ almighty
ryan:  “look under the sink in the mens room.
michael:  all right, next suggestion
dwight:  next suggestion
michael:  “dont…” okay, thats blank. dont. just
dwight:  “dont sleep with your boss.” do you think this is referring to you boning jan
jan:  okay, let me make something clear. as embarrassing as this is, i feel that it needs to be said. there is nothing romantic or sexual going on with michael and myself
michael:  well
jan:  the other night, i gave him a polite congratulatory kiss because he just closed the biggest deal of his career. and thats it. if anything else has been implied, dwight, or inferred, michael, creed, its just not true, okay? its not true. so… is everyone straight on that
michael:  crystal
dwight:  theres one more suggestion
michael:  how pleasant. you can
dwight:  “way to go man, jans really hot.
michael:  okay, i think were good.
pam:  oh, my god. when dwight said no one wants to come in on a saturday
jim:  i know
pam:  i almost lost it. that was too good
jim:  well, that is because that is the gift that keeps on giving. oh, my god. i left todays paper on my desk
pam:  you mean yesterdays paper
jim:  what? yes, that is exactly what i mean. wow. you are very good at what you do
pam:  thank you.
dwight:  hey, temp
ryan:  hey
dwight:  look, were twins
ryan:  cool
dwight:  bet you i got mine for less than yours
ryan:  i bet you did
dwight:  getting a little something that calm the nerves
ryan:  what nerves
dwight:  for the performance review. oh, wait, you dont get one. youre a temp
ryan:  actually, i had mine already
dwight:  youre lying
ryan:  why would i lie about a performance review
dwight:  why would michael give you one before me
ryan:  i think because my name is before yours in alphabetical order.
dwight:  how did it go
ryan:  fine. he actually gave me a small raise, which i did not ask for.  its stuck.  its cool, it fell.
dwight:   you are gonna give me this raise. ya! yes, you are. you are gonna give me this raise. ya! ya! the least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation, right? you are gonna give me this raise! why? because im awesome, awesome, yes! yes! yes! thank you for your time, dude. champ. my lord, mi amigo. mi amor. ha! wild side! i am ready. 
michael:  yeah, that got a little out of control. jans taking a break, which is fine. im doing the same, just chilling. getting my mind off of us. shes right. i need to be more professional at the office. when im at work, i need to focus on work. i should call her ex-husband.
michael:  hello, is this r. gould? hi there. my name is michael scott, i work at dunder mifflin. i believe i work with your wife, ex-wife, jan. yeah, thats right, yes. um… i was wondering if i could ask a personal question about her. mmm-hmm. okay, well, could i ask anyway? uh-huh. well, im just gonna ask. when you guys were dating was she sort of easy to get and then really hard to get?
michael:  yeah, that gould is a real interesting guy, a gem. i can see why he and jan are no longer together. if my conversation with him is any measure of their relationship, he was verbally abusive, he was curt. he was… he had an inability to communicate, shall i say? he was emotionally unavailable. i dont know how she dealt with that as long as she did.
michael:  never
jan:  never for me always means never, ever, ever
michael:  well, then, gould wasnt kidding
jan:  what
michael:  nothing, i just
jan:  what did you say, michael
michael:  nothing
jan:  did you call my ex
michael:  no, i did not
jan:  gould, you said, gould
michael:  maybe i did. maybe icalled him, i dont know
jan:  how dare you, michael? my personal life is off-limits to you
michael:  i
jan:  okay, how dare you do that
michael:  i didnt do that. i… maybe he called me
jan:  why would he do that? why would he call you, michael? why would my husband call you
michael:  ex-husband, you have to let it go
jan:  i mean…
ryan:  “look under the suggestion box.” “i cant believe i kept this up all day.” signed, me.
michael:  what is an office? is it a group of people? maybe. is it an idea? of course, yes. is it a living organism? exactly, yes. and any single cell organism has to have a spine, and thats me. but the spine is always controlled by a brain, and that is jan. but the brain needs a heart, and that is me again. so ironic. you know what? the heart is smarter than the brain. but the brain is so effing hot.
