michael:  it is friday morning and it is another beautiful day in scranton, pennsylvania. oh my god. ohhh.  pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.oh, we have a serious problem here.  alright everybody, lock the doors, turn off the lights.pretend youre not here
jim:  are we in danger
michael:  theres no time to think about if this is real.just, shh, everybody.
kevin:  michael, should i call the…  what
michael:  the it tech guy and me did not get off to a great start
michael:  yeah, i tried to install it myself, but, uh, you guys have these things so password-protected…
sadiq (it guy):  that just means you have to enter your password
michael:  oh…
sadiq (it guy):  whats your password, michael?
michael:  oh, umm…
sadiq (it guy):  oh, its 1-2-3
michael:  yes
dwight:  mi
michael:  ah! guh-oood
dwight:  sorry
michael:  please dont do that
dwight:  ok, im sorry.what is going on in there? why is he here?what are you doing
michael:  i cant tell you
dwight:  you have to tell me
michael:  i dont have to tell you anything
dwight:  look, michael, i know you dont want to have to think about this, but if something were to happen to you, god forbid, then i would need to know in order to take over
michael:  dwight, nothing is going to happen to me, ok?im in the best shape of my life.look at this.  brrr!thats strong
dwight:  yeah, but that doesnt matter, you could get a brain aneurysm
michael:  im not going get a brain
dwight:  or get hit by a car
michael:  stop it
dwight:  or a bus or a train. get poisoned, fall in a well, step on a mine, choke
michael:  uh, oh, ok; if i step on a mine in scranton, pennsylvania, and die, you can have my job, ok?why dont you just go… away
michael:  there are certain things a boss does not share with his employees.his salary, that would depress them.his bed, it—and i am not going to tell them that ill be reading their e-mails
michael:  so how do you search
sadiq (it guy):  by keyword phrase
michael:  try “profits”.no! try “michael scott”.“michael” “boss” and “funny”.  oh my god, wow!e-mail from stanley. stanley,terribly nice guy.“sorry i didnt write back sooner; i cant go to the game tonight because my boss michael is an ass and making me stay late.”well, stanleys an ass.not one of our harder workers
oscar:  hey, whats the deal, michael?why are you spying on our computers
michael:  oh, no, everybody; oscars gone crazy!what other ghost stories do you have for us?that im a robot? i will destroy everything in my path
oscar:  actually, its just
michael:  beep! bop
oscar:  ok…
michael:  bommmm. bop! onk onk. oil can. oil can
oscar:  tin man.actually we just a got a memo from it saying youre doing e-mail surveillance
michael:  oh, what? no. that defeats the whole purpose
dwight:  so its true?you have access to our e-mails
michael:  you know what the problem is
stanley:  i think i do
michael:  the problem is that when people hear the term “big brother”, they immediately think its scary or bad, but i dont. i think, wow, i love my big brother
kevin:  i gotta erase a lotta stuff.a lot of stuff
dwight:  oh hey, just so ya know, if you have a lot of sensitive e-mails, they need to be deleted immediately
angela:  i know
dwight:  good.
pam:   hey.something just happened.dwight just told angela that she has to deleted all of her sensitive e-mails immediately
jim:  what
pam:  i know
jim:  hmm…
pam:  do you think that theyre like
jim:  no
pam:  no, right, no, no
jim: 
pam:  uhhh, ew, ew, ew… .maybe
pam:  its like squishing a spider under a book.its gonna be really gross but i have to look and make sure that its really dead.sooo…  if you guys see anything… 
pam:  hey, dwight, um, my friend is kinda into these two girls that he works with
dwight:  nice
pam:  one is tall and brunette, and the other one is short, and blonde, and perky, and kinda judgmental.who do you think he should choose
dwight:  does he have access to their medical records
pam:  ummmm
dwight:  i think one of the greatest things about modern america is the computerization of medical records.as a volunteer sheriff, i can look up anyones psychiatric records or surgical histories.yeast infections.there are a huge number of yeast infections in this county.probably because we are down river from that old bread factory
michael:  meredith has an e-vite from jim.barbeque at jims tonight.tonight?wonder where my e-vitation is.click on guest list.angela, stanley, oscar, meredith, phyllis, kevin, creed.must be… . no
pam:  hey, angela
angela:  hi
pam:  hows it going
angela:  its ok
pam:  listen, are you bringing anyone to jims party tonight
angela:  no.are we supposed to
pam:  no. i mean, i dont know, i dont think so
angela:  hmm…  excuse me
pam:  oh
michael:  theres always a distance between a boss and the employees.it is just natures rule.its intimidation mostly, its the awareness that they are not me.i do think that i am very approachable, as one of the guys.but maybe i need to be even approachabler
kevin:  thats pretty young
pam:  yeah
kevin:  are you gonna eat with us
michael:  of course.hangin with my crew, crew that i am one of.hangin with my cup of noodles.this is a meal in a cup
jim:  uh hum
michael:  hot, tasty.reminds me of college.lived on this stuff.brain food.mmmm… you know what i really, really miss about college?the parties.everybodyd go.the athletes, the, the nerds, professors
pam:  the professors would go to the parties
michael:  yeah!they were the most fun.we always invited them
jim:  its true. im having a party.ive got three cases of imported beer, a karaoke machine, and i didnt invite michael.so three ingredients for a great party.and its nothing personal, i just think that if he were there, people wouldnt be able to relax, and you know, have fun, and my roommate wants to meet everybody.because im pretty sure he thinks that im making dwight up.he is very real
pam:   what?  ohhhh… yes!thank you
dwight:  question: on the internet there are several different options to get to your house for the party tonight
jim:  oh, uh, no. could
dwight:  i was wondering
jim:  could, keep that down
dwight:  why
jim:  because not everybody knows about the party
dwight:  like who?who doesnt know
jim:  umm, michael
dwight:  why just michael
jim:  because its a surprise
dwight:  is it
jim:  uh hmm
dwight:  oh, thats perfect
jim:  so, dont tell
dwight:  i wont
jim:  ok
jim:  so, dwight thinks that tonight is a surprise party for michael
pam:  really? thats great
jim:  i know
pam:  maybe we can get him to hide and wait somewhere
jim:   oh man.oh, you know what, speaking of which, i was just trying to get a handle on, you know, numbers for food and stuff.so do you think that roys gonna come, or
pam:  oh, no, he cant make it
jim:  oh, ok, cool
michael:  hey there
jim:  hey
michael:  almost quittin time
jim:  yup, its, uh, four oclock
michael:  one more hour.take care of anything you forgot to do. hey, you know, i dont know if you have any plans tonight, but if ya dont, we could hang out
jim:  oh, um… .i cant
michael:  you have plans
jim:  uh hmm, definitely
michael:  i do, too. i do, too.
jim:  you do
michael:  i do, yeah. big plans
jim:  because you said “do you wanna hang out”
michael:  tonight, i cant do it tonight, no.improv class, i have improv class, hanging out with my improv buds
jim:  really
michael:  yeah
jim:  aw, that sounds like a lot of fun
michael:  its the best.its the best.i would not miss it for the world.but if something else came up, i would definitely not go
jim:  improv sounds great
michael:  it is. ok
jim:  alright
michael:   what
jim:  i think stanley just coughed
michael:  hey, pam.do you need me to walk to your vehicular transport
pam:  no thanks
michael:  alright.oscar, got big plans tonight with
oscar:  im on a call
michael:  kevin, big man, big man, what are you doing tonight?where are you off to
kevin:  my brother is in town and we are going to see the alaska film festival at the scien
michael:  ok, alright
kevin:  oh
michael:  hey, angela, rushy, rushy.where you rushin off to
angela:  im just leaving for the day
michael:  yeah, well duh.where ya headed
angela:  charity.bake drive
michael:  liar
angela:  no
michael:  you are a liar
angela:  no, im not
michael:  dwight, oh ho, dwight, dwight, my loyal compadre.you and i are hangin tonight.the two of us.we are celebrating our freedom and our manhood.you know what?why dont we watch that show that youve been wanting to watch, that stupid battleship galaxy
dwight:  battlestar galatica
michael:  thats, whatever stupid show you want
dwight:  i cant
michael:  to watch tonigh
dwight:  tonight
michael:  were watching it
dwight:  unfortunately, ive got plans. i have to go to practice.soccer practice
michael:  i didnt know you played soccer, dwight
dwight:  clarinet
michael:  you, too, dwight
dwight:  have fun tonight!whatever it is that youre doing, and ill see you monday. he has no idea
jim:  quick announcement everybody, if i could have everybodys attention.we do have wine in the kitchen, and, uh, there is beer available on the porch and despite what you might think, its not all for meredith and kelly, so please enjoy
dwight:  jim!you really think this is a good idea, huh? a hide-a-key rock?
mark:  hey, you must be dwight
dwight:  you dont work with us
jim:  thats because marks my roommate
mark:  hey, i love the birkenstocks.
dwight:  thanks.yeah, i always keep an extra set in the car, for special occasions.jim, come here
jim:  uh hmm
dwight:  when is the guest of honor coming
jim:  oh, uh, later-ish
dwight:  hes gonna love it
jim:  great. just wanna let you guys know that we will be taking the tour like i promised
pam:  hey
jim:  hey!just in time!you wanna go on the group tour? we were just about to leave
pam:  definitely
jim:  well, the group tour is now leaving, then.ladies and gentlemen, just a few things that we are gonna be pointing out to you today, you will be able to see both bedrooms and, uh, if were lucky, maybe get a chance to peek into the bathroom, who knows.i have to remind you that flash photography is prohibited and as much as you can, please refrain from touching things. i know you might want to
ryan:  hey, is katy coming
jim:  uh, actually, i havent talked to her in a while
ryan:  huh, is it ok if i call her
jim:  we can talk about that later
improv teacher:  ok, lets get right into it.i need two people for the first scene
michael:   ooo ooo ooo ooo, mr. cart-air, mr. cart-air
improv teacher:  ok, michael.and… anybody?how about mary-beth?come on. ok, so you start us off mary-beth
mary-beth:  great.  la la la la la laaa…
michael:   boom! detective michael scarn.im with the fbi
michael:  think about this; what is the most exciting thing that can happen, on tv, or in movies, or in real life?somebody has a gun. thats why i always start with a gun, because you cant top it, you just cant
michael:  boom!freeze!michael scoon, fbi.you know what you did.boom! boom! boom! yeah, you thought that you could get away with your little ruse, didnt you?didnt ya!?well, you didnt, because i know where ya hid the diamonds.i been on to you and your little friends for weeks.boom! boom! boom
actor:  im not even in the scene
actress:  again!
michael:  boom! boom
improv teacher:  stop, stop, ok, stop
michael:  boom! boom
improv teacher:  you shot me, great.now stop
michael:  why
improv teacher:  you cant just shoot everyone in the scene
michael:  well, if you hadnt stopped the scene, you would have seen where it was going
improv teacher:  ok, what about the scene they set up
michael:  boring
improv teacher:  no, it wasnt.no more guns
michael:  i could of
improv teacher:  no. no. michael, i want you to give me all the guns you have
michael:  ok
improv teacher:  just, i want you to get rid of all your guns and give them to me.great
michael:  yehhhehh
improv teacher:  yeeehh, ok
pam:  jims bedroom
jim:  see, i knew we lost somebody on the tour.its
pam:  cool… this is your desk
jim:  this is my desk
pam:  your home office
jim:  my home office, this is it
pam:  down.you have to sit down so i can get the full effect
jim:  ok, sure. will do
pam:  ok, wait, so that would make me  like right here
jim:  yeah, that… yep, that feels about right
pam:  and dwight would be like
jim:  you know what?lets just leave that image out of it, because this is a happy place.happy thoughts, pam.happy thoughts
pam:  umm,  yearbook
jim:  yeah, you dont have to, ummm.alright, yes, thats not gonna be awkward at all
pam:   ooooohhh no!
jim:  oh yeah
pam:  you were so dorky
jim:  thank you
improv teacher:  freeze
michael:  im in
improv teacher:  you wanna go over the rules one more time
michael:  no, no, no.im looking in my wallet for money so you can tell me my fortune
bill:  i promise its worthit .ooo, i can see you walking out of here and youre thrilled with your reading
michael:  what are you…
improv teacher:  michael, what did you tell him
michael:  nothing
improv teacher:  then why are his hands up?bill
bill:  he told me he couldnt show it to me, but he has a gun
improv teacher:  ok, lets call it a day.nice job, bill
michael:  good, its good.good work, everybody
jim:  angela, burger? dog?havin fun
angela:  i got sap on me
jim:  chicken, hot dog, burger
angela:  im a vegetarian
jim:  there is soda inside
angela:  guh
stanley:  i didnt think the premium laser color copy batch would sell as well as it did
oscar:  yeah, it surprised us all.ill tell you why.because when they
kelly:  im sorry guys; can we please not talk about paper?theres gotta be something else we can talk about
angela:  i think its alright. jesus drank wine.
pam:  hey phyllis, come here for a second
phyllis:  sure
pam:  have you heard anything about any secret office romances
phyllis:  you tell me.well, you do mean you and jim right?oh god.i am so sorry, i thought, you guys hang out all the time and youre talking all the time.im sorry!
pam:  thats ok.its ok
kevin:  not so fast… fire guy
mary-beth:  how do i get to bernies tavern from here
bill:  oh, dont worry.were all gonna carpool
michael:  so bernies, huh?were all going to bernies? go to bernies
bill:  oh sorry, were not going as a group, its just a private friend who just happens to know all of us from different ways is throwing a private birthday thing
michael:  right, right, right.well guys, id love to go to bernies with you, but, you know, i have an office party.a big office party i need to go to, so…cant get out of it
bill:  ok.
michael:  ok, see you later.nice job, bill.not
phyllis:   here i go again on my own.going down the only road ive ever known…
jim:  oh by the way hows your side project going
pam:  oh, yeah i gave that up
jim:  really
pam:  yeah, it turns out i was, um, just grasping at straws
pam:  just because two people are hanging out, it doesnt mean that theyre together,you know?like people can just be friends.and i think that it was really unfair to think that there was anything else going on
kevin:  just turn around now, cause youre not welcome anymore
dwight:  surprise! everybody
phyllis:  dwight…
michael:  wow!who opened the morgue for this thing?im just driving by, thought id drop in. theres some wine. i would love a glass, if youre gonna open it.here ya go temp, take my jacket! oh, come on! that guy?he is a good guy, not a terrorist.karaoke, i love it!i am a karaoke fiend.i call dibs. i got next, i got next up.come on, lets get this party started, ha! ok?wheres that wine
michael:  ok, yeah, this is a duet, so, need somebody else, pam?you wanna come up and sing this one?need somebody else.takers, please.baby when i met you there was peace unknown. kelly?tried to get you with a fine tooth comb.i was soft inside, there was something goin on.this part goes to the, uh, girl.you do something to me that i cant explain.hold me closer and i feel no pain.in every beat of my heart, we got something goin on.tender love is blind
michael and jim:   it requires a dedication, all this love we feel needs no conversation.divided, together, uh huh.making love with each other, uh huh
michael:  were making love
michael and jim:   islands in the stream, that is what we are, no one in between, how can we be wrong?sail away with me
michael:  talk! just talk
mary-beth:  i am
michael:  shut up
michael:  funny story: the way that i got into improv was, i got into improv.the story about me getting into improv was that i was walking down the street, and a race car pulls up, and the guy says “hey youre funny, youre the funniest guy ive ever seen, or my name is not dale earnhardt.” and that was an improv.um, the real way is that i found a flyer
angela:   youre going to have to stop that.  i can still feel it
sadiq (it guy):  do you have a question or something
michael:  um…
sadiq (it guy):  about my turban, maybe
michael:  nope, nope.i actually wear a turban sometimes.wanna see it
sadiq (it guy):  yeah
michael:  got it right here.
sadiq (it guy):  why do you have that
michael:  comedy; its funny.its johnny carson, karnak.its, um, put it back.huhhhh, did you have johnny carson in your land
sadiq (it guy):  in pittsburgh?yeah, but i never really watched him
michael:  oh. you were forbidden
sadiq (it guy):  no, im much younger than you.i watched conan
michael:  alright, im gonna, uhh, get a cup of coffee.do you want some coffee er
sadiq (it guy):  no
michael:  or some tea or hummus or something
sadiq (it guy):  no, thank you
phyllis:  oh, this isnt good
stanley:  its fine
phyllis:  you dont even know what im talking about
michael:  should have done this a long time ago.tons of personal e-mails, huge time wasters.uh, uh huh.wow, like kevin, rating the best bars in scranton?poor richards number seven?idiot.stupid load.yeah
pam:  hey, michael, accounting needs your approval on
michael:  yeah, im busy right now.
michael:  heres a helpful suggestion for jim.jim, instead of e-mailing amazon, to try and get that cd that you didnt receive, i suggest that you go to visa and tell them to cancel the charge
jim:  yeah, definitely didnt need help with that, but, yeah
michael:  its seems like ya did though
jim:  oh
michael:  jim.lots of e-mails to amazon, lots of wasted computer space.alright, lets get back to work
toby:  yeah, i assumed michael was already doing this.thats why i only use my personal e-mail account
michael:   ooo, bleh bleh bleh
dwight:  wheres your tie
michael:  i dont know.just felt like taking it off.man, work can be just so damn frustrating dont ya think, jim
jim:  uh, yeah, i guess
dwight:  whats going on, michael.talk to me
michael:  i dont know, same old stuff.same old.boss just been ridin my ass
dwight:  oh no! jan!?whats goin on
michael:  i dont wanna talk about it.i just wanna hang out, just be one of the guys
dwight:  the most important one of the guys
michael:  thats not the point
dwight:  thats exactly the point.youve hit a slump. it happens to the best of us.you just have to remember, you know
michael:  yeah
dwight:  where you come from, and who you are
michael:  ok
dwight:  you know, you have worked so hard for this.you are the boss; you can buy and sell us with just a snap of your little finger
michael:  ok yes, i would never do that
jim:  yeah, no one can snap with their little finger
michael:  ha
dwight:  jim, this is hardly the time
michael:  no, this is completely the time, this is perfect time.this is just guys gently ribbing each other, its what its all about, just hangin out.enjoying friends, all being the same.worker bees
dwight:  and their king bee
michael:  no, just bees, just bees hanging out, buzzing around
dwight:  master bee
michael:  im not a master bee
dwight:  queen bee
michael:  im just a bee, dwight, ok, just a bee, just buzzin
pam:  hi
roy:  hey babe.hey, how are you!
pam:  good
roy:  you look good
pam:  thank you
roy:  hey, um, i was wondering if itd be ok if i go to lonnys poker game tonight.i promise, itll be like the last time for a while
pam:  we were supposed to go to the barbeque at jims house
roy:  oh, man.um, could you go without me? make something up, say i like, ate something, or…
pam:  uhh…
roy:  huh, huh?youre the best.youre the best
pam:  i might be late
roy:  ok, dont wake me up cause im playing ball in the morning
pam:  ok
roy:  alright, bye.
pam:   did i miss anything
michael:  five oclock.time to go get my improv on. little bit of the comedy juice.mmm.alright, see if you can guess what this is. that is a dinosaur getting ready to go to improv class.just a taste of the improv
michael:  i need to know… who shot johnson
mary-beth:  uh, president johnson.um
michael:  shut up
mary-beth:  ok.
michael:  i have a right mind to shoot you right in the head
mary-beth:  i, i killed him. youre right! it was me
michael:  just shut up!i dont wanna hear anything more from you
improv teacher:  no, listen to what shes saying
mary-beth:  alright, ill be quiet if we can make some kind of deal.a deal
michael:  pow! pow! pow! pow!no deal.not with michael scarn, fbi.michael scarn doesnt make deals.michael scarn shoots and then asks questions later.
improv teacher:  good, good
michael:  she was kind of tripping me up, cause she was, um, i was trying to get something going, when i was over her with the gun, and she like kept changing the story
mary-beth:  i dont think… he was saying
michael:  well, you kept
mary-beth:  he kept saying “shut up”
michael:  going into nuclear something; thats not where the scene was going
mary-beth:  i
bill:  it goes wherever
michael:  well, it goes, it goes in the best direction, and that was not the best direction
mary-beth:  i felt like he was ordering me around, cause he
michael:  well, he, michael scarn, that character, orders people around, and thats, you should of just gone
improv teacher:  all your characters order people around though, and
michael:  well…
improv teacher:  theres stronger choices
michael:  i dont think theres any stronger choice than being a really strong character
mary-beth:  weve seen you do that character before though.i mean, you know, thats cool
michael:  well, its, like, well, its, you know, when refine it, refine a character down to its essence,thats…
mary-beth:  like jim carrey or something
michael:  exactly, thank you
mary-beth:  right, well i wasnt saying that
michael:  i appreciate that
mary-beth:  nah, i know, i just meant that… he shot me, i just
michael:  or ryan stiles, something like that
mary-beth:  yeah, ya know maybe, he made me get on the ground, and i didnt feel safe in this game
michael:  you shouldnt have been, cause you were dealing with michael scarn.that was exactly what i was hoping to achieve, so that is probably the best thing you could have said, thats a compliment
improv teacher:  you succeeded
michael:  good work
mary-beth:  yeah
jim:  and in this room here, if you look closely, you will find out a few clues about who lives here.um, he likes biking, obviously, and uh, what else?uh, he likes tour guides, i guess.and if youre very perceptive, youll notice that he didnt do a great job of cleaning his room .ok, and uh, thats the tou
ryan:  and hes really into penguins or something
jim:  um, thank you, ryan, uh, i dont know, i think i made the mistake one day of telling someone that i like penguins, and here we are
phyllis:  oh, im sorry.i gave you a penguin
jim:  and thats why its on my desk, phyllis; it means a lot to me, and now that i know it was from you, it means even more.moving on!uh, ok, so thats the end of the tour for now, and if you liked it please tell your friends: “whenever youre in scranton, visit casa de la halpert”
improv teacher:  ok, for the next exercise, lets everyone pair up. and everyone got somebody?ok, good.  uh, ok, uh, why dont you go out in the hallway and go through all the rules in your head.ok, you take a break and sort of run through the rules in your head.ok, stay there
michael:  ill just throw out some suggestions
improv teacher:  ok, you guys wanna start? dont throw out any
michael:  theyre in a whorehouse
improv teacher:  suggestions
michael:  and hes a proctologist.  what
improv teacher:  we dont need a suggestion for this one; its gonna come from them.  its a game called “yes, and?” and uh, you will say the first sentence.and uh, youre telling a story
michael:  first sentence is: “im a proctologist”
improv teacher:  were not gonna get a suggestion for this one, its gonna come from them.  ok, youre gonna say the first sentence and then she will say yes to that and then shell add something to the story, like youre telling a story. oh yeah, what was he doing?ok, why dont you take a break?since you dont have a partner
michael:  alright, im ready here
improv teacher:  ok
kevin:  why dont you turn it up? uh! not so fast… fire guy.think we need some more heat, fire guy?hey, fire guy, maybe we should burn jims house down
ryan:  thats really funny
kevin:  hey, kelly; i called him fire guy
kelly:  good one, kev
kevin:  yeah… hey stanley
ryan:  he called me fire guy
stanley:  oh, good one.
kevin:  it never gets old
ryan:  never gets old
