karen:  so do you want to see it or not
jim:  i dont know.feel like… friday night crowds
karen:  oh my god, youre like, agoraphobic
jim:  agoraphobic
karen:  yeah
jim:  really
karen:  yeah!you would rather sit on your couch and watch a phillies game, than go out to a movie with your awesome girlfriend
jim:  absolutely correct
kevin:  later, jim
jim:  kev, have a good weekend
karen:  bye.ok, so this is whats gonna happen.youre gonna suck it up
jim:  here we go
karen:  …and were gonna go to dinner
jim:  ok
karen:  and then were gonna go to the movies
jim:  sounds good
roy:  hey halpert
jim:  hey…
pam:  roy
karen: 
pam:  roy dont!
roy:   ahh god
dwight:  pam, please call security
dwight:  everyday, for eight years, i have brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employees.and everyday, for eight years, people have laughed at me.well, whos laughing now?
michael:  no need for consternation, everything is under control
jan:  michael, last friday one of your employees attacked another employee in your office
michael:  it was a crime of passion, jan, not a disgruntled employee. everyone here is extremely gruntled
jan:   is toby there
michael:  no
toby:  im… here, jan
jan:  ok, what… what is the situation toby
toby:  well, we fired roy, obviously.and jim wont press charges against roy or the company
jan:  thank god
toby:  yeah, um, but now apparently darryl has some issue with his
michael:  no, he has been wanting a raise for a couple of months and hes just using this roy thing as leverage
jan:  all right, well are you gonna take care of this
michael:  yeppers
jan:  what did i tell you about “yeppers?
michael:  i dont… remember
jan:  i told you not to say it.do you remember that
michael:  yeesh
pam:  i really dont want to talk about it.i dont mean to be rude, but i just… i dont want to comment on what happened.it 
jim:  i guess… all things considered, i was lucky dwight was there.and roy was lucky that dwight only used pepper spray.and not the nunchucks or the throwing stars
jim:  hey man, i never got a chance to thank you… for stopping roy.thank you
dwight:  thank you not necessary and thus, not accepted.i saw someone breaking the law and i interceded
jim:  okay.um… got you something
dwight:  dont want it
jim:  you dont know what it is
dwight:  dont want it.wont open it.dont need it.wont take it.citizens do not accept prizes for being citizens
jim:  it was a little glass display case for his for his bobblehead.that would have made us even, i think.he saves my life, i get him a box for his desk toy.even steven
dwight:  no, dont call me a hero.do you know who the real heroes are?the guys who wake up every morning, and go into their normal jobs, and get a distress call from the commissioner, and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime.those are the real heroes
oscar:  angela, roys check.hes coming in later to pick it up
kevin:  man, i cannot believe i missed the fight
oscar:  it was crazy
angela:  you saw it?describe it please
oscar:  well, i heard some shouting.and i look over and roys by reception and you could just tell hes gonna punch somebody.jim says something.roy stomps over there.all of the sudden, bam.roy goes down, and dwights standing there like an action hero
angela:  oh
oscar:  it was insane
angela:   well… good for dwight
michael:  ok i want you to be darryl and ask me for a raise, because i want to try out some of these negotiation tactics on you
jim:  whered you get that
michael:  wikipedia
michael:  wikipedia… is the best thing ever.anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject, so you know you are getting the best possible information
michael:  ok, darryl, ask me for a raise
jim:  hey, mike.since roy left ive been doing a lot more work, and i need a raise
michael:  hmm, well thats interesting darryl.i think…  that maybe you should…
jim:  i cant hear you
michael:  what im saying is that,
jim:  still nothin
michael:  ok, see what i did
jim:  no
michael:  by leaning back, and by whispering, i established a dominant physical position
jim:  nice
michael:  ok, lets try another one.um
jim:  okay
michael:  walking out of the room unexpectedly.
jim:  and what happens in this one
michael:  its a surprise
jim:  okay
michael:  go ahead, ask me for a raise
jim:  can i have a raise
michael: 
jim:   sex, steve martin, terri hatcher
michael:  what
jim:  what
michael:  no, what did you say
jim:  i didnt say anything.i was waiting to see what happened
michael:  oh it… sounded interesting… what you were gonna
dwight:  i saw the perpetrator advance toward the victim at a high rate of speed.his head was thrown back, his shoulder and arm cocked indicating an attack position.perp grabbed the victim.i removed my weapon from its secure hiding place
toby:  which is where
dwight:  irrelevant.discharged it at a distance of a little over a meter into the perpetrators eyes, nose, and face area.rendering him utterly and completely disabled.then i contacted the authorities.the end
toby:  thanks dwight
kelly:  that is the bravest thing i have ever heard
ryan:  i cant imagine what i would have done
kelly:  i can.you would have left me to fend for myself.like that time we were on the ferris wheel and that kid dropped a milk shake on me and you just laughed
ryan:  well that was funny, thats why
kelly:  oh it was
ryan:  mm-hmm
kelly:  okay, well the next time that you get scared, that you think a murderers in your apartment in the middle of the night
ryan:  okay
kelly:  …and you call me, to calm you down
ryan:  you know what?i didnt
toby:  can you stop
kelly:  …you can just call somebody else cause im not gonna do it anymore, ryan.im not
toby:  theres a bunch of people back here, maybe
ryan:  well, dont talk to me about calling people in the middle of the night
toby:  guys
kelly:  i call you in the middle of the night to tell you that i love you
toby:  i dont think michael intended to punish me, by putting ryan back here with kelly.but, if he did intend that?wow.genius
michael:   yeah
darryl:  you ready for me
michael:  yes, yeah, absolutely.have a seat
darryl:  cool
michael:  you know what?actually, lets go into the conference room
darryl:  okay
michael:  no, you know what?lets stay here.no lets go… yeah lets go to the conference room
michael:  tactic number six.change the location of the meeting at the last second.totally throws em off
michael:  number 14, declining to speak first.makes them feel uncomfortable, puts you in control
michael:   i am declining to speak first
darryl:  okay, ill start.its pretty simple really. i uh, i think i deserve a raise.im scheduled to get one in six months, but id like that to be moved up to now
michael:  hmm.ohh, darryl.you are a good worker, and a good man.i just, you know, times are tight.and i just dont think corporate is going to go for this right now
darryl:  are you wearin lady clothes
michael:  what
darryl:  are you wearin lady clothes?those look like lady… pants
michael:  no, this is a power suit
darryl:  that theres a womans suit
michael:   i do not buy womans clothes.i would not make that mistake again
darryl:  ima call roy, man
michael:  ohh… kay
darryl:  this is gonna make him feel better
michael:  all right
darryl:  this is too good
michael:  alright, you know what?pam, could you please tell darryl that this is not a womans suit
pam:  oh my god, thats a womans suit
kevin:  youre wearing a womans suit
michael:  no, i do, i, i wear mens suits, ok?i got this out of a bin
michael:  there were these huge bins of clothes, and everybody was rifling through them like crazy, and i grabbed one.and it fit!so i dont think that this is totally just a womans suit.at the very least its bisexual
kevin:  who makes it
michael:  uh,  missterious.and it is mysterious because the buttons are on the wrong side… thats the mystery
phyllis:  look, its got shoulderpads, and did you see that lining
michael:  okay
phyllis:  did you see
michael:  would you stop it, please?
jim:  so, none of that tipped you off
michael:  its european, ok?its a european cut
pam:  michael, the pants dont have any pockets
michael:  no, they dont.see
pam: 
michael:  italians dont wear pockets
pam:  its been a really rough couple of days… this helps a little
karen:  hey, maybe you want to come over and raid my closet
michael:  no, i dont want to do that because im twice your size anyway
darryl:  yeah, he look like hillary clinton
michael:  um, lets just do this in 15 minutes
darryl:  okay, can you just stand right there? i gotta send some e-mails
michael:  negotiations are all about controlling things.about being in the drivers seat.and make one tiny mistake, youre dead.i made one tiny mistake.i wore womans clothes
kevin:  karen, how do you feel that roy tried to kick your boyfriends ass over another woman
karen:  i feel great, kevin.thank you
stanley:  you must have been scared out of your mind
karen:  well, you know it happened so fast i didnt really have time to be scared
angela:  what happened, exactly?i wasnt here, so i havent really heard the whole story
karen:  um, well, jim and i were talking and roy walked in looking super angry
angela:  mm-hmm
karen:  and hes a big dude, you know?and all of a sudden, jim pushed me out of the way, and roy cocked his fist, and then bam, dwight sprays him and knocks him on his butt
angela:   goodness
karen:  when i heard jim and pam had kissed, my reaction was to have lots of long talks with jim about our feelings.roy just attacked him.im not sure which one jim hated more
michael:  lets get down to business.why dont you tell me why you think you deserve a raise
darryl:  well, its simple mike. i mean we merged these two branches right?so now were shipping twice as many orders as we used to.with roy gone we got a smaller crew.and im pickin up all of his slack, so i think i should be compensated fairly, by gettin a raise
michael: 
darryl:  what?i cant hear you
michael:   that was a very good point
darryl:  i cant— what, mike?are you
michael:   you make a very compelling argument
pam:  sorry i almost got you killed
jim:  yeah, that was nuts
pam:  he could have broken your nose or something.crazy.its just so stupid.i mean, getting back with roy and everything.i mean, what was i thinking, right
jim:  no, i mean, you guys really seem to have a strong connection
pam:  not anymore.its, um… its completely over now
jim:  well see.im sure you guys will… find you way back to one another someday
pam:  jim… i am really… sorry
jim:  oh, yeah.dont worry about it
michael:  i am going to give you a piece of paper.i want you to write down how much you want, and i want you to slide it back across the desk to me
darryl:  why cant i just… tell you
michael:  because, that is the way these things are done.in… films.  no, slide— slide it, yes
darryl:  there you go
michael:  oh.  come on.be serious
darryl:  i am serious, mike.thats a 10% raise.thats what i want
michael:  i… i cant give you that, i— i dont make this much
darryl:  come on, be for real mike
michael:  i dont.want me to prove it to you?there is… a pay stub
darryl:   are you serious?youre earning this
michael:  plus perks, yes
darryl:  mike, this is barely more than i make.you been here ten years, dog.
michael:  fourteen years
darryl:  ho-ho!
michael:  no, please, please
darryl:  oh, im sorry mike, some of my folks got to hear about this one. ah. 
michael:  ok, lets take 15, again
michael:  a bosss salary isnt just about money, it is about perks.it… for example, every year i get a $100 gas card… cant put a price tag on that
jim:  ok, if you dont want a gift, at least let me buy you a beer, or lunch or something
dwight:  when han solo returns to the death star in the millennium falcon, and shoots down the tie fighters and saves the rebel cause, do you think he does so for a free beer
jim:  boy i
dwight:  no.and why are you so interested in buying me something jim, whats your angle
jim:  its like when he annoys me and i want to screw with him to get him back, he never sees it coming.but now, i want to be nice to him, and actually give him something, and hes like an eel.i just cant grab onto him.its infuriating
karen:  maybe you just feel guilty about all the pranks
jim:  well… yes, thats probably what it is.so what do i do
karen:  hmm…i dont know.maybe you should go back out there and sell paper so we can go on a trip
kevin:  michael, heres the, uh, $15 i owe you
michael:  oh, thank you
kevin:  yeah.i heard you might need it.so
creed:  heres the $40 you gave me
michael:  i didnt give you $40
creed:  in a way you did
stanley:  yeah, i heard how much michael makes.i still think hes way overpaid
darryl:   fourteen years.fourteen.i know.ok, alright.i gotta go.later
michael:  okay.okay, heres the straight… dope.no tricks.no wikipedia
darryl:  what
michael:  i talked to corporate, and they told me that i can only give you a 5% raise
darryl:  thats cause of you, mike.theyre not gonna give the workin man more than the boss
michael:  well what am i supposed to do
darryl:  get your own raise.you gotta get out there and earn, son
michael:  im not gonna go out and ask for a raise right now.that is ridiculous.
darryl:  well, when they merged the two branches together, they put 
michael:   thats true
darryl:  yeah thats true.you gotta call your girl, and get paid.show her who wears the pants in the relationship
michael:  you know what?i should
darryl:  yeah, you should
michael:  i have been a loyal employee for a long time
darryl:  fourteen years long
michael:  you know what?i deserve a bump
darryl:  make it happen, capin
michael:  i am makin it happen, sergeant
creed:  i remember it was very late at night, like 11, 11:30.big fella comes in screamin about god knows what.i think maybe halpert had stolen his car. something like that.so the big fella pulls out a sock filled with nickels.then schrute grabs a can of hairspray and a lighter
angela:  youre useless
jan:  why dont we talk next month, after the quarter ends
michael:  no, jan.ive never asked for a raise in 14 years.this is long overdue.i wanna do it today
jan:  today.all right, well, uh, if you want to do it today, we should meet in person, and uh, can you get here by five
michael:  yshhyah.um, yeah.ill leave right away
jan:  great.uh, and listen.because of our, uh, our… you know, situation, were gonna need to have a third party present
michael:  yes, im bringing darryl
jan:  da— darryl from the warehouse
michael:  mm-hm
jan:  no, michael. we, we need an hr rep.so, uh, i think you should just bring toby
michael:  hey, id rather kill myself
jan:  michael, hes your branchs hr rep
michael:   no, toby is terrible.toby is the worst human being ive ever known.
jan:  …and we need someone else, in the room, because of our relationship.you know this.michael, either toby comes with you, or we dont do it
michael:   fine
kelly:  you are so mean
ryan:  i dont know what youre talking about
kelly:  yes you do, ryan bailey howard.you called me stupid
ryan:  no, i said your idea was stupid
michael:  toby, come on.lets go
toby:  where
michael:  where?im gonna smack you in the head with a hammer.come on, lets go
kelly:  what is so stupid about wanting to name a baby usher
toby:  alright
kelly:  usher jennifer hudson kapoor
ryan:  dont you see why thats insane
kelly:  oh, so im crazy now
darryl:  comfortable, mike
michael:  yeah.fine
darryl:  how about you, man.comfortable
toby:  no
michael:   dont ever touch a black mans radio!…chris tucker.
darryl:  thank you
michael:  well
darryl:  i havent been to new york in a long time
michael:  mm, the big apple
darryl:  maybe ill stay overnight.got a cousin lives down there
toby:  how would we get home
darryl:  oh you could stay too.hes got a big place
michael:  maybe ill stay
darryl:  mm, its not that big
michael:  well
darryl:  busses, though.they get you home quick
michael:   oh, i
kelly:  and all of a sudden, dwight stood up and was like “no!
angela:  then whatd he do?
kelly:  you should just read the report that toby did.he took everyones stories. dunder mifflin, customer service, this is kelly.oh yeah i could totally help you with that.ok, let me just get the folder out.okay, it seems here that you ordered 12,000 reams of paper.oh, 12 reams
hunter:  hey guys, jan is ready for you
darryl:  okay, bring it home now.and dont forget the new black man phrase i taught you
michael:  pippity poppity, give me the zoppity
darryl:  yes sir.remember that.ill be right outside if you need m
michael:  all right
darryl:  yeah, i taught mike some new phrases.i want him to get the raise, i… just cant help myself
roy:   hey man, uh… im sorry.   thanks.  can i, like, see you after work for coffee, or… something
pam:  i dont know
roy:  please.i just got some stuff i gotta say to you.
kevin:   jim— roy— look out
jim:  thanks, kev.im good though
jan:  thank you, hunter.  hello.come in. ah, okay
michael:  whos the boy toy
jan:  thats my new assistant
michael:  were you going to tell me that you hired james van der beek
jan:  i have to call you the second i get a new assistant
michael:  be nice to get a memo, we are lovers
toby:  hi, jan
jan:  hi, toby.  first—  first off, michael, this is a salary negotiation.all matters regarding our personal relationship have to be set aside.are we clear
michael:  pippity poppity
jan:  right now we can offer you a 6% raise
michael:  six percent?after all weve been through
jan:  oh, god
michael:  i got you… jade earrings
jan:  michael
michael:  no
jan:  michael
michael:  no.you gonna play it like this?you give me a good raise, or no more sex.   what are you writing, perv-ball?
toby:  just preparing for the deposition
toby:  this may be the first time that a male subordinate has attempted to get a modest scheduled raise by threatening to withhold sex from a female superior.it will be a groundbreaking case when it inevitably goes to trial
roy:  im so sorry, pammy.i really wasnt gonna do anything.but then i… kept thinkin about you two together, and…i just thought you guys were really good friends, or… or maybe he was gay or somethin… not that thats wrong
pam:  im sorry too.i just, i think that we both made some bad choices
roy:  so you gonna start datin halpert then
pam:  um… no.no, he has a girlfriend
roy:  oh yeah… wait a minute, you… broke off our wedding for the guy
pam:  no, there were a lot of reasons
roy:  but youre not even gonna try to go out with him?  i dont get you pam
pam:  i know
dwight:  whats this
jim:  whats what
dwight:  certificate of bravery, from the scranton police department.“recognizing outstanding citizenship from a very brave young man.dwight k. schrute
jim:  wow.i guess word got around.thats a nice… honor
dwight:  please.they hand these out to little kids.look.theres a teddy bear in a policemans cap
jim:   didnt think youd notice
michael:  why dont you just take that pen and stab me in the heart.this is me, jan.this is me
jan:  okay, michael.please, why dont we just take a break.this is really going nowhere
michael:  okay, no, no, no, no.you do not try tactic number eight on me.i invented tactic number eight.im not going anywhere
jan:  ok, toby, how about if you
toby:  sure
jan:  great
jan:  whats wrong with you
michael:  ohh.it was a weird day.i accidentally cross-dressed.and then darryl made me feel bad for not making any money.and then i had to ride up here with stupid toby.and then, your assistant, is all young and hot.and i
jan:  okay, michael.i can offer you a 12% raise, but you have got to ask for 15
michael:  well thats ridiculous im not gonna make
jan:  no, just… i just need you to ask for it, so i can record that you asked for it.okay
michael:  ah, so…all right, levinson.heres the rub.i would like a 15% raise
jan:  no.but we can offer you 12
michael:  but you just said 15
michael:  negotiation is an art.back and forth.give and take.and today, both darryl and i took something.higher salaries.win win win.but you know, life is about more… than just salaries.its about perks.like having sex with jan
jan:  michael
stanley:  so you and bob are looking at a historical house
phyllis:  mm-hmm, near the river
stanley:  mm, how many bedrooms
phyllis:  four
angela:  dwight.dwight.ive been doing some very interesting reading
dwight:  really
angela:  mm-hmm.tales of bravery
dwight:  mm, good stuff
angela:  mm-hmm.i was thinking tonight, we could… read it together
dwight:  sounds… fun.
jim:   i… will never say a word.and now, we are even
andy:  i graduated from anger management the same way i graduated from cornell.on time.now im back.got a second chance, and im not gonna blow it. so look out dunder mifflin!  i mean, look out… in a fun way!you know, not like, im gonna hurt you
andy:  hey guys!guess whos back!  ahhh!  oh, god
dwight:  no need to thank me
dwight:  i am not a hero.i am a mere defender of the office.you know whos a real hero?hiro, from 
michael:  look, i am not a gazillionaire.i cant… i cant dress like donald trump dresses.i have to stay within the parameters of my budget.i cant shop at a fancy norwegian boutique.i buy my suits the old fashioned way.i buy them from discount stores… or on ebay.and when i found out that ross was having a midnight madness sale, i ran, not walked, as per the instructions on the flier.and i got there, and when the doors opened, all of these women ran to this one bin.and i did too.and i grabbed this suit.and a woman, sort of a, i dont know, missy elliot type, grabbed the jacket.and, uh, we had kind of a heated tug of war.and i could tell by the way she was screaming that this must be a get.and i figured she was just buying it for her husband, to answer your question from before.um, anyway, she s… socked me, in the eye.and she got it, she got the suit.but, i went to the ross, in trenton new jersey, and i found the exact same suit.and i didnt have to deal with missy elliot.
