jim:  damn, lost another file. going to have to reboot. again.  hey, dwight, do you want an altoid
dwight:  what do you think
jim:  in school, we learned about this scientist who trained dogs to salivate at the sound of a bell by feeding them whenever a bell rang. for the last couple of weeks ive been conducting a similar experiment
jim:   dwight, want an altoid
dwight:  okay
jim:   altoid
dwight:  sur
jim:   mint dwight
dwight:  inbwit? yes
dwight:  
jim:  what are you doing
dwight:  i…
jim:  what
dwight:  i dont know. my mouth tastes so bad all of a sudden.
michael:  always the bridesmaids, right ladies
photographer:  okay, for this next one everyone hop out. just phyllis and dad. actually, lets bring mom back in. and the sisters. and you, and you, and you. great
michael:  phyllis is getting married. and i am in the wedding party. she has asked me to push her fathers wheelchair down the aisle. so, basically, i am co-giving away the bride. since i pay her salary it is like im paying for the wedding. which im happy to do. its a big day for phyllis. but its an even bigger day for me. employer of the bride
phyllis:  yes, i put michael in my wedding. it was the only way i could think to get six weeks off for my honeymoon. no one else has ever gotten six weeks before
pam:  phyllis… ended up using the exact same invitations as roy and me. so it was kind of like being invited to my own wedding. and i was like ‘wait, thought i called that off
jim:  so whats in the box
stanley:  a toaster, you
karen:  a toaster
stanley:  unbelievable
dwight:  hello, angela
angela: hi, dwight
dwight:  you look as beautiful as the queen of england
angela:  thank you. dont linger. break left. left
dwight:  the shrutes have their own traditions.we usually marry standing in our own graves. makes the funerals very romantic, but the weddings are a bleak affair
jim:  those flowers are nice
karen:  yeah. p and r
jim:  phyllis and robert
karen:  ah, of course
pam:  also, pam and roy
michael:  there she is. i swear phyllis you are as beautiful as the first day you started work at dunder mifflin
phyllis:  thanks, michael. thats sweet. same as when you said it outside
michael:  how you doin? you excited
phyllis:  yes, very
michael:  me, too. if you need to vomit, that is ok. i did. do you want to talk about tonight
phyllis:  no
michael:  youre probably worried about pleasing bob. a lot of pressure. phyllis, did you break wind? its okay, if you did. its a very natural reaction. its your wedding. and youre nervous…
phyllis:  that wasnt me
michael:  okay… umm… im sure that bob… wow. that is… that is pungent. i lost my train of thought. aaah… are you set on that hairstyle
phyllis:  i thought it was…
michael:  here, let me…
phyllis:  michael… no
michael:  just cover up that bald patch
phyllis:  i dont need your… thank you. no, michael please… i just need some time alone
michael:  okay
michael:  you might be surprised to learn that ive only been to one other wedding. its actually a very cute story. my mom was marrying jeff. and they asked me to be ring bearer. i was understandably emotional and somehow my pants became wet
michael:   i hate you
michael:  long story short: jeffs dog ended up as ring bearer. and the irony is that after the ceremony that dog peed on everything and nobody said ‘boo
dwight:  why are all these people here? there are too many people on this earth. we need a new plague. who are all these people
jim:  you know what? i bet a lot of them are wedding crashers
dwight:  no way
jim:  did you ever see that movie
dwight:  of course i saw it
dwight: i saw wedding crashers accidentally. i bought a ticket for grizzly man and went into the wrong theatre. after an hour, i figured i was in the wrong theatre, but i kept waiting. thats the thing about bear attacks, they come when you least expect it
jim:  you know i just wish, i wish, i had the investigative powers to smoke some of these guys out
dwight:  once again, jim, i will take care of this. i will locate the wedding crashers and report them to phyllis. that way i wont have to get her a gift
kevin:   hi. im kevin.  where did you find her
toby:  at the gym
kevin:  riiight. the gym.
kelly:  could you scoot over? youre on my dress
meredith:  i thought youre not supposed to wear white to a wedding
kelly:  i know but there was an emergency
kelly:  i look 
michael:  this strappy young lad sitting here is phyllis father, albert, and he is quite the ladies man, arent you albert, hah? ah, ringbearer. i could have done better. i will do better. i am going to be better. i cant believe im actually doing this! ooh! are you ready for this, albert? i am. lets do it
pam:  thats my dress
michael:   thats ok.
dwight:  its a miracle
crowd: 
michael:  this is bull****
michael:  me walking phyllis down the aisle was supposed to be the highlight of the wedding. and now… the wedding has no highlight
michael:  i cant believe i pushed that… that guys lazy ass around all day… until he was ready to stand up and steal the show. thats… well… i got news for you, albert. if thats your real name. the shows not over
priest:  and do you, phyllis, take bob vance, vance refrigeration, to be your lawfully wedded husband
phyllis:  i do
michael:  ladies and gentlemen, may i present to you for the first time as a couple, mr. and mrs. bob vance
priest:  and do you, bob…
michael:  oh, shiii…
priest:  … take phyllis to be your lawfully wedded wif
bob vance:  i do
priest:  you may now kiss the bride
michael:  ladies and gentleman, for the first time as a couple, mr. and mrs. bob vance.  yeah! thats what im talking about
angela:  congratulations, phyllis. you look lovely. your dress is very white. so white, my eyes are burning
phyllis:  thanks angela
michael:  congratulations, bob. youre a good man. but just know… if you ever lay a finger on phyllis, i will kill you
bob vance:  if you ever lay i finger on phyllis, ill kill you
michael:  agreed. no fingers will be laid on phyllis.  oh, decided to sit down again, huh? great. bet you can hear me, too
dwight:  best of luck, phyllis. also im going to need to see a copy of the guest manifest as well as photographs of the caterers
phyllis:  i dont have that, dwight
dwight:  dammit, phyllis
kelly:  are you all right? this must be so awful for you
pam:  what do you mean
kelly:  well… this was supposed to be your wedding
pam:  oh… um… no.thats… um… thats actually fin
kelly:  theres no way its fine. im sorry. if i was you, i would just like freak out and get really drunk and then tell someone i was pregnant
pam:  okay, thats a lot of good ideas. thank
dwight:  ‘scuse me, sir. how do you know the happy couple
uncle al:  who
dwight:  the bride and groom? what are their names
uncle al:  oh, i… i dont… im not sure
dwight:  oh i get it, i get it, come on, freeloader. lets move it. come on. come on
uncle al:  okay, okay. where are we going
dwight:  got to find yourself another wedding to crash, my friend
uncle al:  oh
michael:  phyllis! are you happy with everything? what can i do to make it more perfecter
phyllis:  its beautiful. why dont you find your seat. enjoy the buffet
michael:  im already on it. the chicken? totally undercooked. i sent it back
phyllis:  its fish
michael:  i will take care of that
michael:  i do. i know a fair amount about fine food… and drink. this is a white
kevin:  no this is not our first wedding. this is the third wedding that scrantonicity has played. we also played our bassists wedding and our guitarists wedding
kevin:  attention, everyone. attention, please. i am supposed to ask if anyone has seen uncle al. he is old and has brown eyes and dementia. his family is very concerned. it is a very serious situation.  roxanne. you dont have to put on your red light
roy:  hey
pam:  hey
roy:  i know i normally dont notice these kind of things but uh… this weddings really nice! i mean, the flowers and stuff? phyllis has got some great taste
pam:  youre kidding me, right
roy: i know youre probably not going to remember this, right? but um… those color roses? i got you those color roses for our prom
pam:  roy, i picked those flowers. phyllis just stole all of my ideas for our wedding
roy:  i uh guess i wasnt really too involved in the planning
pam:  yeah
roy:  sorry about that
pam:  its okay
roy:  you think this sucks for you? i was the one who actually wanted to get married
randy:  phyllis, youre a wonderful woman. and youre a hell of a bowler
crowd: 
unknown:  she is
randy:  cheers
crowd:  cheers
michael:  thank you, randy. that was great. thank you. thank you very much. hi, im michael scott and for the next forty minutes, im going to be your tour guide through the lives of phyllis lapin and bob vance.one of the great, seemingly impossible, love stories of our time. my name is michael scott. websters dictionary defines “wedding” as the fusing of two metals with a hot torch. well, you know something. i think you guys are two metals. gold medals. for those of you who dont know me, im michael scott, phyllis boss. to quote from the princess bride “mawige
michael:  the most important part of a speech is the opening line. when time is not a factor, i like to try out three or four different ones
michael:  phyllis and bob: their celebrity couple name would be phlob. you look at her… and shes kind of matronly today, but back in high school, i swear, her nickname was ‘easy rider. now as for bob… bob vance…
bob vance:  oh okay. thats enough
michael:  is a guy that…
bob vance:  thanks, michael. give me…
michael:  he works… okay hold, hold on, hold on. look. look. i didnt say anything when phyllis dad upstaged me at the ceremony. and i think you owe me this. kay
bob vance:  give me the microphone
michael:  no. im not going to…
bob vance:  give me… give me the microphone, michael
michael:  ok. all right
bob vance:  youre out of here
michael:  oh. yeah. youre out of here! youre… yeah. i hate you
jim:  hey
pam:  hey
jim:  when are we going to get to see some of those famous beesly dance moves
pam:  oh… im pacing myself
jim:  come on. get out there. give the people what they want
pam:  no. im such a dorky dancer
jim:  i know. its very cute
jim:  hypothetically, if i thought pam was interested, then… no, its totally hypothetical
michael:  come… come on
dwight:  i cant let you in, michael
michael:  dwight, just…
dwight:  no, its bob and phyllis orders
michael:  look, i just wanted to go in and quietly sit and have a piece of cake. im not even going to dance one song
dwight:  you are a real life wedding crasher and i must bounce you. im sorry, it gives me no pleasure
michael:  ok
roy:  hey, theyre playing our song
pam:  yeah, thats weird. i thought they only played the police
roy:  i know. uh… i gave them twenty bucks. you want to dance
michael:   ee… i was meant for you… buppity du bom bu
roy:   hey, want to get out of here
jim:  heres a ‘not hypothetical. im really happy im with karen
karen:   every little thing she does is magic. every little thing she do just turns me on. even though my life before was tragic. now i know my love for her goes on. every
women:  one… two… three. ahhhh!
toby:  toby! yeah
michael:  i just want phyllis to have a great day
uncle al:  phyllis and you will be great together
michael:  we are great together. we are a great team
uncle al:  the celtics were a great team
michael:  yes. yes. they were. robert parrish! i should talk to her. i dont want this to ruin her honeymoon
uncle al:  nobody ever helped me. i had to do it myself. even the doctor didnt know
michael:  dude, keep it together. i listened to you for half an hour even though most of that stuff went right over my head
michael:  phyllis. phyllis! wait! please. im sorry. i just… i just wanted to make this a day to remember
phyllis:  you found uncle al
michael:  yeah. yeah. hes kind of a weirdo
phyllis:  thank you, michael
michael:  youre… youre welcome
michael:  they say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that your lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. i say thats crazy. i say let them eat cake. margaret thatcher said that about marriage. smart broad
michael:  be careful. oh no!!  oh wow! phyllis! phyllis! you look like a clown! here. get me! get me!
