andy:  good morning, pam
pam:  oh, welcome back, andy
andy:  drew.im drew now
pam:  oh.drew.sorry
andy:  apology not… accepted.because it wasnt even necessary in the first place.
andy:  several weeks ago, andy bernard had an incident.  but after five weeks in anger management, im back.and ive got a new attitude.and a new name.and… a bunch of new techniques for dealing with the grumpies
andy:  mornin jim
jim:  hey, andy.how are you, man
andy:  good.drew
jim:  whats that
andy:  dr— you can call me drew
jim:  no, im not gonna call you that
andy:  cool.i cant control what you do.i can only control what 
jim:  andy
andy:  drew.  dwight.hows it goin man
dwight:  yes, i have decided to shun andy bernard for the next three years.which im looking forward to.its an amish technique.its like slapping someone with silence.i was shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday… for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna
dwight:  jim, could you please inform andy bernard that he is being shunned
jim:  andy, dwight says welcome back, and he could use a hug
dwight:  ok, tell him thats not true
jim:  dwight says that he actually doesnt know one single fact about bear attacks
andy:  you guys
dwight:  ok, no.jim, tell him that bears can climb faster than they can run.jim!tell him
jim:   andy!nah, thats too far
dwight:  damn you
michael:  today is safety training day.toby is leading ours upstairs.yeauck.but, i am giving everyone a little bit of a treat.we are going to listen in on darryls presentation to the warehouse.and if i know darryl, it gonna be zoppity
darryl:  now, this is the forklift.you need—  you need a license to operate this machine.that means the upstairs office workers 
michael:  hmm
darryl:  should you drive the forklift
michael:  i can, and i have
darryl:  no! no no no no no!i said 
lonny:  youre not allowed to drive the forklift
darryl:  its not safe, you dont have a license
michael:  guys, im not the only one whos driven the forklift. pudge has driven the forklift
madge:  madge
michael:  i thought your name was pudge
madge:  no, its always been madge
michael:  okay.um, her
darryl: her.yes, “her” is qualified to work a dangerous machine.you are not.okay
michael:  ah, fine
darryl:  do you understand that
michael:  yeeesh
darryl:  we do safety training every year, or after an accident. … weve never made it a full year.this particular time, i was reaching for a supply box on the top shelf, when one office worker, who shall remain nameless, kicked the ladder out from under me and yelled
michael:   “hey darryl, hows it hangin?!”
darryl:  and i fell and busted my ankle.im legitimately scared for my workers
darryl:  the baler can flatten a car engine.it can cut off your arm and crush your entire body without skipping a beat
dwight:  yeah
andy:  its on
darryl:  how many people a year do you think get their arms cut off in a baler
michael:  bailer?i hardly know her
lonny:  dammit, michael.pay attention, man
darryl:  anybody wanna take a guess?anybody
kevin:  five bucks says its over 50
jim:  you really wanna bet
darryl:  anybody
kevin:  ever since march madness ended, i am so bored
guy:  how many
jim:  ok, youre on
darryl:  ten people, michael. ten people.would you like to be one of them
kevin:   damn
darryl:   you have to be alert, and calm. and always careful
jim:  no, dont worry about it.well just got double or nothin
kevin:  on what
jim:  i dont know, well figure somethin out
kevin:  nice
oscar:  what are you guys talkin about
darryl:  these are very dangerous machines down here, and the upstairs workers, 
michael:  yes, yes.but it wouldnt be the worst thing in the world… if somebody
darry:  it would be the worst thing in the world!it would!very much so
lonny:  what the 
michael:  its a big red trash compactor
lonny:  what are you
darryl:  its not a trash compactor!its a baler
lonny:  dont disrespect the baler
michael:  okay, okay!i got it.i got it.…only on the rarest of occasions
darryl:  no do not touch it
michael:  …would i go near
darryl:  there is no occasion for you to go near this stuff, okay
michael:  toby now has the floor…and he is going to try not to screw this up, like everything else in his life.let me rephrase that.i believe that you can do safety training and make it sound just as good as darryl.here we go
toby:  ok, um, one thing that youre gonna want to look out for is carpal tunnel syndrome.its recommended that you take a ten minute break from typing every hour.for your circulation, youre gonna want to get up out of your chairs and uh, and move around about ten minutes every hour
michael:  yes, good.fine.like stretching and
toby:  um, yeah.youre computer screen can be a big strain on your eyes, so uh, its also recommended that you step away for about… about ten minutes every hour
michael:  wow, that is… that time really adds up.thats like… a half an hour, every hour
darryl:  take them at the same time
michael:  ok, you know what?youre making it sound kind of lame. so, skip ahead to the really dangerous stuff.like sometimes computers can explode, can they not
toby:  no, no.um, you always want to keep a sweater or cardigan of some sort, in case it gets drafty.
ryan:  what about a long sleeve t
toby:  well, thatll work
kevin:  long johns?a shaw
toby:  you know, anything that warms you
michael:  ok, you know what?i think that everybody is going to vomit due to boredom.sorry, he is very lame. um, lets see.“seasonal affective disorder!a depression that includes weight gain, fatigue, irritability, brought on by the low light of winter.
darryl:  thank god we only had a baler to deal with
lonny:  yeah, that dim light is a bitch, aint it
michael:  ok guys, you know what?i didnt— i didnt interrupt when you were having your presentation
darryl:  actually, you did
michael:  yes.okay, lets do another one.this is a good one.“a particular concern for office workers is a sedimentary life style, which can contribute—
toby:  sedentary.
michael:  yes.“which can contribute to heart disease.”heart disease kills more people that balers
lonny:  thats called having a fat butt, michael
michael:  mmmm, no, no, its… sedentary
lonny:  yeah, yeah.thats, thats fat butt disease.thats what you suffer from
michael:  no
lonny:  fat butt disease, michael
kelly:  excuse me, sea monster, you weigh like a thousand pounds
lonny:  yeah?i bet youd like to swim with this sea monster, wouldnt you
kelly:  ryan
lonny:  dude, tell your girl to shut up
kelly:  what?
ryan:  kelly, you insulted the gentleman.please apologize
kelly:  are you kidding me
darryl:  alright, we outta here
michael:  darryl, i did not walk out in the middle of yours.so, i
lonny:  yeah, but ours was real, michael
darryl:  thats what ive been trying to tell you, mike.its serious down there.we do dangerous stuff, man.this is shenanigans, foolishness, nerf-ball.you live a sweet, little, nerf-y life.sittin on your biscuit.never havin to risk it
michael:  okay.… what, nerf isnt cool anymore
michael:  darryl thinks he is such a man because he works in a warehouse.i worked in a warehouse.mens warehouse.i was a greeter.id like to see darryl greet people.probably make em feel like wimps.not me, i…“hello, im michael.welcome to mens warehouse.we have a special on khaki pants today.” … this is one example
kevin:   ten
oscar:  really, ten?thats your guess?youre a professional accountant
jim:  theres like ten green ones
oscar:  forty-two
jim:  im gonna say fifty
karen:  fifty-one
jim:  oh, dont be that person
kevin:  that is lame
karen:  its a strategy
pam:  its called being smart
karen:  thank you
kevin:  oh, geeze
pam:  i dont know how the whole betting thing started, but its fun
pam:  ten
jim:  kevs out
kevin:  damn it
pam:  47, 48, 49! jim wins
everyone:  oooh!
kevin:  that is not fair.he has spent hours up here at reception with you.
jim:  okay, okay
kevin:  no, constantly.like, for 
jim:  okay
michael:  pam, depression is as scary as a baler, right
pam:  i dont understand the question
michael:  working in an office can lead to depression.which can lead to suicide.i mean this is really serious stuff
pam:  yeah
michael:  i— i—nobody commits suicide because they work with a baler, and yet those guys are makin fun of me, calling me a nerf, that
pam:  its really hard to demonstrate depression.their safety training had visuals
michael:  yeah… you are… ah, so right.they had visual aids.and all we had were the facts.you dont go to the science museum and get handed a pamphlet on electricity.you go to the science museum and you put your hand on a metal ball, your hair sticks up straight… and you know science
pam:  so, youre okay
michael:  indubitably
michael:  they use props.they use visual aids, and they just made us look like dopes
dwight:  idiots!god, what are we gonna do!
michael:  i dont know, i dont know.because you know what our killer is?depression
dwight:  wolves
michael:  nn— depression
dwight:  visual aids
michael:  yes
dwight:  a quilt.depression quilt
micheal:  no time to sew a quilt.… i got it.give me the number for the giant big box toy store
michael:  you may be asking yourself, “what am i doing on a trampoline?”well, i thought id bounce here for a while, relieve some stress, and then move on with my day.not!heres the plan.dwight, is going to gather all of the office workers and all of the warehouse guys, were going to have another safety seminar.only this time, wheres michael?oh my god!he is on the roof!now i have got their attention.i… tell them, about the cold hard facts of depression.and then i say, “hey!you ever seen a suicide?”and i jump.and they freak out.and they get to see… the dangers of depression with their own eyes.nice side note: they might think “hey, i should have been nicer to michael.”but thats… not why im doing this… then, i land on the trampoline, take a couple extra bounces for fun.i climb off, walk around the corner… ta-freakin-da
kelly:  so then the next movie moves to the top of the queue.so number five becomes number four, number six becomes number five, number three becomes number two, etc, etc.and lets just say that i just sent back 
ryan:  i guess i forgot.
kelly:  youre such a ditz
kevin:  ryan, well done.two minutes, forty-two seconds.additionally, pam, you win ten because she said “awesome” 12 times, and jim, you win five because she mentioned six romantic comedies
dwight:   okay, lets do this thing!ill go summon the troops
michael:  maybe we should test it first.letterman-style.throw a tv over, or
dwight:  we measured it once
michael:  go buy some watermelons
dwight:  seedless
michael:  just
toby:   creed is eating an apple.i found a potato
pam:  hey creed
creed:  hey
pam:  hey
creed:  hello.
pam:  yes
kevin:  here you go.
toby:  nice
karen:  i dont know this place as well as i thought i did.im getting cleaned out
dwight:  ready
michael:  lets do it!drop that sucker.
dwight: 
michael:  bingo!whoa whoa whoa!oh… crap.deactivate the car alarm.clean up the mess
dwight:  okay
michael:  find out whose car that is.if its stanleys, call the offices of james p. albini, see if he handles hate crimes
dwight:  got it
michael:  also, take apart the trampoline, stick it in the baler
dwight:  were not allowed to use the baler
michael:  have pa–adge do it, or… the sea monster
dwight:  im on it
dwight:  im temporarily lifting the shun
andy:  thank you
dwight:  it means nothing.i need you to do something for me
andy:  anything
dwight:  okay, calm down.i need you to acquire an inflatable house, and/or castle
andy:  you mean a moon bounce
dwight:  what do you think?youve got an hour
andy:  im gonna need… im gonna need petty cash
dwight:  shunning resumed
andy:  do you, do you want a drawbridge
dwight:  un-shun.yeah that sounds good.re-shun
dwight:  oh yeah, this is much better.safer.excellent decision
michael:  yes, thank you for seeing that
dwight:  when you land, try and land like an eight year-old.these bouncy castles are not designed for adults
michael:  i dont know if i wanna do this
dwight:  do you wanna do another test?i got plenty of watermelons in my trunk
michael:  no.no more.the tests are going terrible.if we keep doing it, were not gonna want to jump.this is about doing, not thinking
dwight:  thats right!doing!totally doing!its rock n roll
michael:  rock n roll
dwight:  yeah
michael:  thats right!i am not thinking
dwight:   near near near near near
michael:  yes!yeah
dwight:   michael is awesome!jumpin off the roof
michael:  woo
dwight:   bouncin on the bouncy bounce!show em whos boss
michael:  woo
dwight:   rip a hole in the suuuuuuun
michael:  i am ready to do this!i am ready to make a point!
dwight:   guys!listen up!michael is up on the roof, and acting strange
andy:  whoa!whats the situation
dwight:   un-shun.i think hes suffering from depression. re-shun
andy:  ok, whens the shunning thing gonna end
dwight:  un-shun.never.re-shun.i think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die
stanley:  is it nice outside
dwight:  its gorgeous.lets go
stanley:  do i need my jacket
dwight:  no really, its, its very nice.come on
ryan:  will i be too warm in a long sleeve t
dwight:  everybodys gonna be fine in exactly what theyre wearing, lets go!lets go
dwight:   come on, hurry up you guys
michael:   my life!oh, my life
dwight:   michael, whats wrong?
michael:  everythings wrong.the stress of my modern office, has caused me to go into a depression
dwight:  depression?isnt that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out
michael:  dwight, you ignorant slut.depression is a very serious illness.over 32 thousand people commit suicide every year!according to a 2004 study
dwight:  is that the last year the data was available
michael:  yes!my head is in such pain!and turmoil
dwight:  dont do anything rash
michael:  wait, where are the warehouse guys
dwight:  i didnt…  i didnt think you needed them for this part
michael:  okay… thats
dwight:  you said to just
michael:  thats the whole point, dummy
dwight:  okay, im on it
michael:  okay
dwight:  attention blue collar workers
pam:  what are the odds that this is in any way real
jim:  id say like… 10,000 to 1
kevin:  okay, id like ten bucks on those odds
kevin:  if someone gives you 10,000 to 1 on anything, you take it.if john mellencamp ever wins an oscar, i am going to be a 
dwight:  michaels up on the roof and hes acting strange
michael:  oooooh, my life
dwight:  michael!whats wrong
michael:  everything is wrong, dwight.the stress of my modern office, has made me depressed
dwight:  depressed?isnt that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out
michael:  dwight, you ignorant slut
jim:  well, you know, the first performance was a little off.but i really think they hit their stride, in the second show.um, might even bring my parents tomorrow, to the matinee
michael:  and that is why, i am going to jump off this roof
jim:  oh, excuse me.its my… favorite part
angela:  this is just offensive
ryan:  at least were outside
creed:   hey, check it out, theres a… theres a castle over there
jim:  oh my god, there 
dwight:  no, theres nothing to see over there, people!theres nothing to see.…they found the castle, michael
michael:  damn it
pam:  oh… god.oh my god, hes gonna jump
jim:  oh.hes going to kill himself, pretending to kill himself
pam:  yeah
jim:  hey uh, michael.dont jump on the bouncy castle.you cant do that, because youre going to get horribly, horribly injured
pam:  hey michael!i have a present for you, but you have to come down and get it
michael:  what is it
pam:  come down and… open it and youll see
michael:  dwight, find out what the present is
dwight:  okay, uh… i dont see anything.she might be bluffing
jim:  dwight
pam:  dwight, what are you
dwight:  oh… its uh, a repliee q1 expo female robot, theyre only available in japan
michael:  dwight, you are such a liar.pam, really, what is it
darryl:  mike, this is the opposite of safety.you jump, youre gonna serious hurt yourself
michael:  you told me, that i lead a… cushy, wimpy, nerf life
darryl:  yeah, but i never said you had nothing to live for
michael:  what do i have to live for
darryl:  a lot… of things.uh, you, uh… what about jan?lovely, lovely, lovely jan, man.its goin good, right
michael:  its complicated with jan.and i dont know where i stand, or what i want.the sex isnt nearly as good as it used to be
darryl:  mike, youre a very brave man.i mean, it takes courage just to 
michael:  do you really mean that
darryl:  i couldnt do it. i— i aint that strong.and i aint that brave
michael:  im braver than you
darryl:  
michael:  i braveheart.i am
darryl:  come down, okay
michael:  okay.pam, im coming down to get my present
michael:  an office… is as safe as the people in it.and sometimes those people can drive you to do crazy things to show the dangers of the office.thats the danger i found myself in today.i saved a life.my own.am i a hero?i really cant say.but, yes
andy:  when people think of andy, they think of hate and anger. when people think of drew, they think of baked goods
kelly:  oh my god, these cookies have no flavor. how is that possible
kevin:  they are the worst. whos this drew chick
phyllis:  drew isnt a girl… shes andy
andy:  oh no, nobody likes my cookies. im so angry, argh i want to hit something.  totally kidin guys.
andy:  little device i learned to diffuse tension, be the first to make fun of yourself, because if they make fun of you before you do… then you might lose your mind.
kevin: 
andy:  ahhh… is that the last of it
kevin:  im sorry
andy:  its ok. i cant always have what i want, but i can always want what i have
kevin:  well, would you like a cup of no coffee? ‘cause thats what we have
andy:  is it fresh?
kevin:  are you going to beat me up
andy:  umm…  no. 
andy:  people dont need to be afraid of me. i cant achieve anger any more, and i have a new car. toyota prius, because andy didnt care about fuel efficiency, but drew has seen “an inconvenient truth”. nearly twice.
angela: 
michael:  ok, come on everybody, go time. pam lets go
pam:  i thought id stay and answer the phones
michael:  dont worry pam, you will be answering phones for the rest of your life… your long lovely life.  saved it.
michael:  here we go
dwight:  come on
michael:  field trip
dwight:  step lively. single file everybody
michael:  like were going to the science museum
dwight:  lets single
michael:  learn by touching
dwight:  single… ok
michael:  ive been told that im a tactile learner
dwight:  buddy system, everyone buddy up, find a buddy
kelly:  you should work out ryan, you would look so hot
ryan:  totally, we should both work out
kelly:  screw you
michael:  kelly, ryan looks great. you should be thankful that you
larry:  sir, could you please, please focus on darryl
michael:  i
larry:  try
darryl:  summing up
michael:  sum it up darryl, sum it up
michael:  we got beat today, dwight
dwight: 
michael:  but it was not a fair fight
dwight:  no it was not. remind me again, what was the fight exactly, who was it between, and what was the outcome
michael:  it was the warehouse guys
dwight:  right
michael:  … dwight, they embarrassed us
dwight:  argh
michael:  … because they had a much scarier safety presentation
dwight:  ghaaa
michael:  you know whats funny? robin williams.  when a cat gets stuck in a washing machine. city slickers. talking like borat. you know whats not funny? safety, or making fun of the person trying to talk about safety.  not nice. i must show people how dangerous office can be. high five… now thats funny.
michael:  how do you make depression sexy? how do you… how do you get people interested in depression? that is the conon… the conun… the conumbery
michael:  those warehouse guys, think that we are all flabby, middle management, nerf balls. well im going to show them that we have nerfs of steel.
andy:   you know guys, i recently learned some pretty cool stuff about the difference between feeling something and… acting on that thing
dwight:  can you tell andy to focus on the springs? please
michael:  yeah, drew
andy:  yes bosses
michael:  you know drew, why dont you go inside. dwight come here. where should we put this
dwight:  ok, ahh, turn around, and do a broad jump for me on go. ready… go! one mississ… ok, you went that far on one mississ. ippi would take you to here. this trajectory times the propulsion from your quadriceps would be about three mississippi, maybe three and a quarter. so one mississ… correct… ippi, two mississippi, three mississippi… e. right here
michael:  ok, good. thank you. wanna take our time, do this right
phyllis:   hello?hi bob vance.
karen:  thats three times in ten minutes
stanley:  wheres my five dollars
phyllis:  you are my little teddy bear. i wantcha.
stanley:  i always knew my co-workers were annoying. i never realized i could profit from it. go ahead bob vance, call phyllis, all day
andy:   michael, go ahead, were listening
michael:  im going to wait. i dont want to say this twice, its too painful and im too depressed
creed:   michael, you can not fly, you can not, ive seen this too many times
kelly:  give me that thing, i want to try
jim:  oh, you know what we should probably preserve the batteries
kelly:  i was just going to say that  you have a cute butt. oh my god i did not just say that, did i just say that? oh my god im so adorable
angela:  i know the timings bad, but i hate to be a nudge, but theres stuff that he has to sign that needs to be mailed by four
dwight:  ok, if hes not down by four, ill get the papers up to him
angela:  ok, its three forty eight
jim:  ok, ryan you know what? you can do this
ryan:  oh, no, i have no training in this sort of thing
jim:  come on
stanley:  dont play dumb, you know damn well what we talking about
jim:  come on. hell listen to you
everyone:  come on ryan
angela:  lets do it
dwight:  come on pretty boy
ryan:  michael, you have always taken a great interest in my career
michael:  i will miss you the most ryan
ryan:  oh, what is your deal man!? seriously i dont get it
andy:  let me borrow that chief. michael, you dont have to prove anything to anyone but yourself. so dont jump just to prove anything to us. ok? that said, if you need to prove something to yourself, you should jump
jim:  oh
andy:  up to you
jim:  no no no
andy:  if you do jump, i want you to reach for the sky
pam:  hey
jim:  ok. careful, thanks.
andy:  grab a comet and kiss the moon! kiss it!
kevin:  see this is why you always take ten thousand to one. you never know.
darryl:  you own a convertible. come on man thats, thats hot. women love that stuff right
dwight:  its only leased, and its got rust damage, hell never get his deposit back
michael:  coal miners, crab fishermen, dog the bounty hunter, all dangerous jobs. but also upper middle management.  wow! i could have fallen off a roof today… and you dont worry about falling off a roof when you work on a crab boat… and there are no roofs in coal mines
andy:   goodnight stanley.
