michael:  oh hey, kevin, nice of you to join us, where were you?
kevin:  my tire blew out on the way here, michael
michael:  huh
kevin:  i almost died. i… i went into this skid
michael:  pop quiz.
kevin:  …what
michael:  why is today a special day
kevin:  i almost died
michael:  todays a special day, because i am being honored as a… visiting… professor, special lecturer, emeritus… how did you, how did you
ryan:  you will be a guest speaker… in my emerging enterprises class
michael:  in business school, kevin. business school.
kevin:  wow
ryan:  if you bring your boss to class, it automatically bumps you up a full letter grade. so… id be stupid 
michael:  a boss is like a teacher. and i am like the cool teacher. like mr. handell. mr. handell would hang out with us, and he would tell us awesome jokes. and he actually hooked up with one of the students. um… and then like twelve other kids came forward. it was in all the papers. … really ruined eighth grade for us
michael:  here we go. college roadshow. gotta bring our… a game. what was the most inspiring thing ive ever said to you
dwight:  “dont be an idiot.” changed my life
dwight:  whenever im about to do something, i think, “would an idiot do that?” and if they would, i do not do that thing
michael:  will they throw their hats, you think
ryan:  what
michael:  a lot of times, at a… school, or naval academy, after a rousing speech, the crowd would throw its hats high into the air
ryan:  y-you understand nobodys graduating
michael:  yeah, i know, i know. im just saying if they did throw their hats ive got a great line for that: “may your hats fly as high as your dreams.” … that was a pretty good line.
ryan:  …it doesnt apply.
michael:  i understand! wow. relax, spazzy boy. sometimes youre such a little spaz!  whoa, hey
ryan:  quit it!
michael:  we have fun
roy:  i cant for your art show tonight
pam:  okay, just so you know, its just the students from my class in a little studio
roy:  i-i wouldnt miss it for the world
pam:  thanks
pam:  im really happy to be back with roy. i think it shows maturity. maturity and dignity. … is that braggy? i dont mean it to be braggy
roy:  love ya.
pam:  you too
jim:  pams with roy. im with karen. and, uh, brangelina is with frangelina. movin on
kelly:  i cant believe youre back together with roy
pam:  oh, yeah! we have such a solid foundation, you know
kelly:  oh my god. youre so in love now
pam:  yeah. oh, you should come to my art show, by the way
kelly:  oh, art show
pam:  i mean, its not a big deal, but i think a lot of people from the office will be there
kelly:  …oh… yeah. definitely… ill be there. for sure
michael:  campus. brings back so many memories. … that i would have made. hey. frisbee. check that out. aww! what do you say we get our fris on before class?  whoo
college student:  ….dude
dwight:  …oh my god. animal stool.
pam:  dwight, what are you doing?
dwight:  solving a mystery, if thats quite alright with you.  come to papa. okay, ladies and gentlemen, what we have here is a bird that has been trapped in a vent. fortunately i have found it befo–bat! baaat! bat!
karen:  oh my god
dwight:  baaaat! bat! no! everyone remain calm! there it goes
stanley:  goooood bye.
angela:   … please dont let that stupid thing near me
michael:  okay, this is it. ryan is doing my intro right now
ryan:  …dunder-mifflin cant compete with the modern chains, and management is unwilling, or unable, to adapt. their customers are dying off…
michael:  i cant hear what hes saying, but he looks like hes really into it
dwight:  we have… a bat… in the office
toby:  the simple solution would be to open a window… if we had… windows that could open
angela:  poop is raining from the ceilings. poop
jim:  okay. thanks.  animal control will be here at six.
dwight:  at six?! no, that is unacceptable. okay, jim, you are the number two in this office. you need to step up and show some leadership.
jim:  im sorry what did you say? so wierd…
dwight:  what? whats so wierd
jim:  the bat, i mean, i know i felt it bite me, but look. theres no mark. i feel so… tingly… so strangely powerful…  oh well
ryan:  and now, without further ado, i present the regional manager of dunder mifflin, scranton, michael scott
michael:  hello everyone, i am michael scott. and i would like to start today by inspiring you. may i borrow someones textbook, please? thank you. what have we here? ooh. economics. very, very interesting.  you cannot learn from books. replace these pages with life lessons, and then, you will have… a book… that is worth its weight in gold.  i know these are expensive, um, but the lesson is priceless. good. alright. i think youre inspired. shall we proceed? there are four kinds of business: tourism. food service. railroads, and sales. and hospitals slash manufacturing. and air travel
dwight:   this is your job, halpert.
jim:  ow!
karen:  oh, what happened
jim:  that bread on your desk? i just picked it up. its white hot.
karen:  but jim, this garlic bread is cold.
jim:  what? … no. it burned me. i… bizarre.
dwight:  no… no. one crisis at a time
dwight:  if a vampire bat was in the u.s., it would make sense for it to come to a “sylvania.” like penn-sylvania. now that doesnt mean that jim is going to become a vampire. only that he carries the vampiric germ
michael:  so, you wanna start a business. how do you start? what do you need? well, first of all, you need a building. and secondly, you need supply. you need something to sell. now this could be anything. it could be… a… thingamajig. or a… a whosi-whatsi. or…  a whatchamacallit . now, you need to sell those in order to have a payday . and, if you sell enough of them, you will make a 100 grand .  satisfied
toby:  oh, this looks great. id, id love to be there, but my daughters play is tonight. … damnit! you know, one of the other parents will probably videotape it
pam:  oh! no, you should go
toby:  well, its important to support local art, you know. and what they do is not art
michael:  okay, im seeing some confused… faces out there. let me slow down a little bit. break this down. okay. the more stickers you sell, the more profit, fancy word for money, you have to buy playstations and beanie babies.
ryan:  michael.
michael:  …and products
ryan:  what we normally do here is more of a question and answer thing.
michael:  well… okay, i was just kind of getting it going. um, alright. well, okay, we can do questions. okay. very good. first hand up
michael:  we cant overestimate the value of computers. yes, they are great for playing games and forwarding funny emails. but real business is done on paper, okay? write that down.
karen:  hey jim, heres the aspirin you wanted
jim:  oh, thank god. i have such a headache from that glare
karen:  what glare?
jim:  the glare off angelas crucifix? its blinding
dwight:  i dont have a lot of experience with vampires, but i have hunted werewolves. i shot one once. but by the time i got to it, it had turned back into my neighbors dog
dwight:  extraordinary events call for extraordinary actions. we form an allegiance
creed:  sure
dwight:  –to use sudden violence
creed:  okay
dwight:  do you have the tools to turn a wooden mop handle into a stake
creed:  what size
michael:  …i say you will miss our service, and i absolutely guarantee youll come back
michael:  …we dont want them back, cause theyre… stupid.
michael:  nice try, hows your pollack-says-what index?
michael:  thanks, kowalsky. um, can we get on track here?
michael:  …wait, ryan said that
kelly:  what are you doing? youd better not hurt that little bat.
creed:  animals cant feel pain
kelly:  dont hurt that bat, creed! its a living thing with feelings and a family
dwight:  flush him towards the door. on my go… now!
kelly:  ahh! kill it! kill it! kill iiit
kevin:   i… am a hero
michael:  yeah sure, you know business, sitting up here in your ivory tower. and your ebony tower. you know what? tell you one thing, dunder-mifflin is here to stay
michael:  david will always beat goliath
michael:  yeah, yeah. you know what else is facing five goliaths? america. al-qaeda, global warming, sex predators… mercury poisoning. so do we just give up? is that what were learning in business school
michael:  dunder-mifflin is the big picture! cant you understand that? no, you cant. youre too young. ryan… has never made a sale. and he started a fire trying to make a cheesy pita. and everybody thinks hes a tease. well you know what? he doesnt know anything, and neither do you.  so suck on that
ryan:  …it wasnt personal
michael:  business is always personal. its the most personal thing in the world. when we get back to the office, pack your things
ryan:  pack my–
michael:  you heard me, pack your things
meredith:  i really want to come out
creed:  good night, mary beth
jim:  so… youre cool to just wait here for animal control
dwight:  animal control? ive been controlling animals since i was six
jim:  cool. okay. im gonna go home and lie down, draw the shades… theres just so much sun in here… bye dwight.
dwight:  goodbye jim. and good luck
dwight:  jim is on a path now. an eternal journey, and i wish him well. but i have a destiny in this realm. specifically, in the kitchen
pam:  …and its all from the same series
woman:  oh.
pam:  called ‘impressions.
woman:  oh.
pam:  not that i call myself an impressionist, per se
woman:  maybe one day.
pam:  i hope so.
woman:  mmm
pam:  i still need… you know, my breakthrough, or whatever.  hey, babe, how are you
roy:  good. alright i brought my brother, huh?
pam:  hey, kenny
kenny:  hey pam.
roy:  how bout this, huh? i show up with my brother, and, no one from work is here? thats… pretty cool, huh
dwight:  magic time. gyeeeaahhh!
meredith:  ahh! ahh! ahh! get off! get off me! get off me
dwight:  hold still, woman
meredith:  get off me! get it off! ahhhh
dwight:  … … youre welcome
roy:  its cool if i go, right? i mean, i looked at all of them
pam:  yeah, ill just, ill drive myself home.
roy:  to my place
pam:  maybe, im a little tired
roy:  your art.. was the prettiest art of… all art
pam:  thank you
ryan:  look, im sorry, okay? i was just trying to do my presentation, and… of course, i was wrong to suggest that dunder-mifflin might ever go out of business. but you dont have to fire me
michael:  fire you? no, no no. you are moving… to the annex
ryan:  to the annex? where… kelly is
michael:  a good manager doesnt fire people. he hires people and inspires people. … people, ryan. and people will never go out of business
oscar:  youre the one who said we needed more culture.
gil:  this is culture to you
oscar:  its her first try.
gil:  yeah, on van goghs first try, he drew the hands of the peasants.
oscar:  meaning what
gil:  meaning, real art takes courage, okay? and honesty
oscar:  well, those arent pams strong points
gil:  yeah, exactly. thats why this is… motel art
artist:  thanks for coming.
michael:  pam-casso! sorry im late, i had to race across town.
pam:  oh, michael
michael:  wow! you did these… freehand
pam:  yep
michael:  my god, these could be tracings! ohh! look at this one. wow! you nailed it.  … how much
pam:  what do you mean
michael:  i dont see a… price.
pam:  um… you wanna buy it
michael:  well, yeah. yeah, we have to have it for the office. i mean, theres my… window, and theres my car! that your car
pam:  uh-huh
michael:  that is our building… and we sell paper. … i am really proud of you
pam:   … thank you
michael:  what
pam:  do you have something in your pocket
michael:  …chunky. do you want half
pam:  no thank you.
michael:  okay
michael:  it is… a message. it is an inspiration, it is… a source of beauty. and without paper, it could not have happened. unless, you had a camera
kelly:  oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god…
ryan:  its only temporary, okay? dont get excited
kelly:  i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont, i wont
michael:  well ultimately i went into business to inspire people. they say those who cant do, teach. i can do both. i teach doing
jim:  ok, here we go… digest of business terms, cliffsnotes on business economics, and a sales encyclopedia
michael:  wow! thats a lot of books, do you have, umm, one book that sums up all of these
jim:  those are the books that sum up the other books
michael:  so no
jim:  what are you reading
michael:  oh, umm, ever since i started here, ive kept a diary of all my sales
jim:  oh, that could be interesting
michael:  no, its just mileage mostly, but theres one chapter that i call wisdoms. im going to read you a series of statements, and i want you to tell me, on a scale of one to ten, how smart they are
jim:   i am ready
michael:  dont do what i say, say what i do
jim:  five
michael:  just getting warmed up. mistakes are just successes that you mess up
jim:  hmm… five
michael:  this… you know this is a scale of one to ten
jim:  yeah
michael:  ok. do you want me to repeat that
jim:  no, i got it
creed: 
stanley:  shes on her honeymoon. she wont be back for six weeks
creed:  ill wait.
meredith:  heres a joke for you. why did pam hook up with roy at phylliss wedding
angela:  dont meredith
meredith:  you ready
oscar:  you know i dont like to participate in the
meredith:  why did pam hook up with roy at phylliss wedding
oscar:  really, its just that i dont like to participate
meredith:  grow up
oscar:  its just… im sorry… its gossip, and i dont think its healthy
meredith:  get over yourself
oscar:  well, im not going to get over myself… its wrong
meredith:  because roy use to… … with the rice… …
oscar:   thats disgusting
meredith:   i know
michael:  everybody please stand, and get up on your desks.  just stand right up
ryan:  michael its not… its not
michael:  thats, yep a little flimsy. umm… ok… ahh… alright, no more desks. oh ok.
michael:  i have a lot of big ideas, and the trick is to get it out of my brain and into theirs, in a way that is easy to swallow. simple…  kids love candy bars.
michael:  lets try a little… little social experiment here. raise your hands if you like to buy things. ok, i see some people who like to buy things. youre it, you are the reason this world rolls along, give yourselves a round of applause. say, say you want to start a business, and business is all about buying and selling, is it not? so say you want to sell lemonade, or stickers. something you have to keep in mind, you must, and you might want to jot this down, you must sell the stickers for more than you bought the stickers for.
student 1:  how have you adopted your business model to function in an increasingly paperless world
michael:  oh, oh, i take umbrage to that premise…ses. umm, let me ask you this: how many people exist in the world? over forty billion. what are they going to be writing on… rocks? any one else?  yep
student 2:  just following up on that first question
michael:  no no no no no. never follow, always lead
student 2:  ok
michael:  ok
student 2:  new question
michael:  very good
student 2:  in the digital age
michael:  ok
student 2:  … email
michael:  bop bop de bope bop bop bop bop bop. you only have me for a limited time… yes
student 3:  do you believe your high fixed cost are warranted given your diminishing market share
michael:  how can i put this? that question makes you sound gay
karen: 
dwight:  bat
meredith:  
dwight:  what is a leader? i asked jim that, and he said he had never heard the word before. in america, in 2007. he said he knew the word ladder… what an ignoramous.
meredith:   i really want to come out
dwight:  you want rabies? be my guest
pam:   should be fun
kevin:  your name looks really nice
creed:  goodnight mary-beth
kelly:  hope shes ok
angela:  just goes to show the power of prayer
kelly:  you prayed for this
angela:  in a general sense
kenny:  so cool youre back with roy. maybe we can rent that cabin on the lake again this summer
pam:  yeah, thatd be nice
kenny:  therell be two of you and only one of me this time, since denise left me. so i think its fair i only pay a third
pam:  yeah that seems fair
