ryan:  yeah, im not a temp anymore.i got jims uh, old job.which means at my 10 year high school reunion it will 
jim:   you have no idea how long ive wanted to do that
pam:  me too.…i think were just drunk
jim:  no im not drunk.are you drunk
pam:  no…  jim
jim:  are you really gonna marry him? …ok
dwight:   jim is gone.hes gone.i miss him so much.ooooh i cry myself to sleep, jim! 
michael: no!that is the fun of this place.i call everybody “faggie”. why would anybody find that offensive
toby:  ok i think oscar would just like if you used “lame” or something like that
michael:  thats what faggie means
toby:  no not really
toby:  apparently you called oscar “faggie” for liking the movie shakespeare in love more than an action movie
michael:  it wasnt just an action movie, it was die hard
toby:  all right michael, but oscars really gay
michael:  exactly
toby:  i mean for real
michael:  yeah, i know
toby:  no, i mean hes attracted to other men
michael:  ok, a little too far, crossed the line
toby:  ok, i am telling you, oscar is an actual homosexual.yeah, he told me this morning.and, obviously he hopes he can count on your discretion
michael:  i would have never called him that if i knew.you dont… you dont call retarded people “retards”.its bad taste.you call your friends “retards” when theyre acting retarded.and i consider oscar a friend
michael:  listen man, i am so sorry.i had no idea
oscar:  no, its fine
michael:  no.no its not.i feel terrible about it.i have been calling people “faggie” since i was in junior high, and i have never made this mistake.if i dont know how to behave, it is because i am just so far the opposite way, you know?im just… i, i cant even imagine… the… thing.maybe we could go out for a beer sometime.and you could tell me… how… you do that to another dude
oscar:  that sounds like a great, wonderful idea, lets do that
angela:   it explains so much
oscar:  no, im not gay.and i dont understand why anyone would think, that im gay… if…  uh… yeah im gay
jim: i cant say whether dunder mifflin paper is less flammable, sir, but i can assure that it is certainly not more flammable
jim: why did i transfer to stamford?i think thats pretty obvious.i got promoted!and you cant beat that view… right
andy:  hey, big tuna!youre single right
jim:  uh-huh, yeah.i am
andy:  shes pretty hot huh? shes completely crazy.steer clear big tuna.head for open waters
jim:  ooook
andy:  ooook
jim:  i ate a tuna sandwich, on my first day.so, andy started calling me big tuna.…i dont think any of them actually know my real name
andy:  big tuna is a super ambitious guy, you know?cut your throat to get ahead kind of guy, but i mean im not threatened by him.i went to cornell, you ever heard of it? i graduated in four years.i never studied once.i was drunk the whole time, and i sang in the acappella group, “here comes treble.
josh: so, end of day we are going to have a little diversity policy refresher, because of some more problems at the scranton branch.and i have a list of business startups i got from the chamber.yes, i am going to need someone to cold call them
jim:  oh, i can do that
karen: jims nice enough.i dont… i dont know how well hes fitting in here. hes always looking at the camera like this. what is that
michael: can you tell whos gay and whos not
dwight:  of course
michael:  what about oscar
dwight:  absolutely not
michael:  well, he 
dwight:  well, hes not dressed in womens clothes, so
michael:   there could be others…i need to know.i dont want to offend anybody else
dwight:  you could assume everyone is, and not say anything offensive
michael:  yeah, im sure everyone would appreciate me treating them like they were gay
michael: hey, what about angela?shes hard and severe.she could be a gay woman
dwight: i really dont think so
michael: i dont know, i can imagine her with another woman, cant you
dwight: 
michael:  do some research.find out if theres a way to tell by just looking at them
dwight:  jim told me you could buy gay-dar online
michael: thats ridiculous
dwight:  yeah probably.he didnt tell the truth a lot
michael:  lets call him and get the website
dwight:  definitely
jim: whats gay-dar?
michael:  well, theyre sold out
dwight:  damn.ill try brookstone
jim:  i miss that
roy:  chicken or fish
pam:   chicken
roy:  so you havin a good day
pam:  excellent, thanks
roy:  good, glad.ok
pam:  yeah, i didnt go through with the wedding.i got cold feet, a few days before.and i cant really explain it.i just had to get out of that relationship.we still had to pay for all the food.so we froze it.but im, im doing well.i have my own apartment.im taking art classes.and i have lunch for the next five weeks
roy:  after pam dumped me, i um, i kinda stopped taking care of myself there, and uh, i hit bottom when uh, drunk driving arrest.ive been working out and um, you know, im not gonna take her for granted.i gotta win her back
stanley: i got them a toaster.they called off the wedding and gave the toaster back to me.i tried to return the toaster to the store, and they said they no longer sold that kind of toaster.so now my house has got two toasters
kelly: that is so cool that youre gay.i totally underestimated you
oscar: yes im super cool.i am an accountant at a failing paper supply company, scranton.much like, um, sir ian mcclellan
angela: sure, sometimes i watch will and grace… and i want to throw up.its terribly loud.i do like it sometimes when harry connick jr. is on.hes so talented
andy: ok.who put my calculator in jello?good one.but uh, seriously, guys who did this?seriously guys, who did this?i need to know who put my calculator in jello, or im gonna lose my frickin mind
jan:  you know, its amazing to me that in this day and age, you could be so obtuse about sexual orientation
michael:  i watch the l word.i watch, queer as f***, so
jan:  thats not what its called
toby:  ok, michael, are you aware that you ousted oscar today
michael:  what?what does that even
jan:  coming out, is a significant moment for a gay person, and they should be allowed to select the timing and manner of announcing it
michael: well, gay pride, right? gay pride parade?its not like gay… shame festival
toby:  all right, now oscars feeling discriminated against by his co-workers, primarily angela, and um, thats your fault
michael:  i think angela might be gay.could oscar and angela be having a gay affair?maybe!is that what this is about
jan:  no
michael:  i dont kn
jan:  no, its not possible
michael:  anythings possible
jan:  you know, imagine… you were gay
michael:   well, im not gay jan, and you should know that better than anybody
jan:  michael, your immaturity is extremely disappointing and may even lead to a lawsuit which is the absolute last thing this company needs right now.do you understand
michael:  the company has made it my responsibility today to put an end to 100,000 years of being weirded out by gays
oscar:  am i the first gay man you ever knew
michael: trick question!cause you cant always tell, so… how would i know.is that the right answer
pam:  michael, dwights looking at gay pornography on his computer
dwight:  uh, michael knows pam.he asked me to do this just for him.he has his own reasons
michael:   nothing wrong with this stuff.at all.this is fine.you know what.gay porn, straight porn, its all goooooood!i dont particularly get into this.but uh, you know what.i totally see the merit!and actually… it is quite beautiful
dwight:  ah damn pop-ups
oscar:  what are you doing?
angela:  watching some of your friends
michael:   all right, everybody in the conference room!i dont care if you are gay, or straight, or a lesbian, or overweight!just get in here!right now
michael: did you know that gay used to mean happy?when i was growing up it meant lame.and now it means a man, who makes love… to other men
michael: were all homos!homosapiens.gays arent necessarily who you think they are, people.i mean anybody could be gay.business-men.like antique dealers, or hairdressers, or… accountants.oscar, why dont you take this opportunity to officially come out, to everybody here.however you want to do it.go ahead.stand up.im doing this for you
oscar: yes im gay.and i didnt plan on sharing that part of my life with you today, so, whatever.can i sit down now
creed: : im not offended by homosexuality.in the sixties i made love to many many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain.and it was possible a man slipped in, and there would be no way of knowing
michael: who should be the judges and juries of our society
angela:  judges and juries
michael: yes, thats a good point.she has a good point.because gay marriage currently is not legal, under u.s. law.i bet a lot of straight men wish that applied to them.so they could go out there and have some torrid unabashed monkey sex as much as they could.you know?sounds pretty good, right
kevin: : that sounds great
dwight: i think all the other office gays should identify themselves, or i will do it for them
oscar:  no one else in this office is gay
dwight: what about phyllis?she makes absolutely no attempt to be feminine
phyllis: im getting married to bob vance
michael: thats great.congratulations phyllis.that is great, and frankly kiiiiiiiind of amazing! see?everybody has a chance
michael: but still, phyllis, in college?did you ever experiment with other women?a lot of women do
phyllis: no, you knew me in high school.course, we all thought you were gay in high school
michael:   right! and i take that as a compliment
phyllis: well with your ties and your matching socks and 
michael: well, i just like to look good ok, so 
oscar: you sound pretty defensive michael
michael: no, i am just coming out myself.i am coming out hetero
oscar: i think the problem with this office is that 
michael:  no no no.the only signal that i am sending is:
michael: look, if i was gay, i would be the most flamboyant gay you have ever seen.i would be leading the parade covered in feathers, and just… i would be waving that rainbow flag
oscar: i dont think i can work here any longer.this has been the worst, most backwards day of my life
michael: you misunderstand– ok.you know what, ok.i uh, im gonna put my money where my mouth is.you ready?i am going to embrace oscar.you might want to watch this angela, because you cant catch anything.here we go.we are going to make a statement.you and i are going to make a statement together.oscar is my friend 
oscar:  i would rather not
michael:  …and i just dont care who sees it, doesnt bother me
oscar:  no, no!i dont want to touch you, ever consider that?youre ignorant, and insulting, and small
michael:  all right, um… sorry
oscar: michael… im sorry.that was a good idea.come on, come on.
michael:   im sorry i called you faggie.youre not faggie.youre a a good guy
dwight: michael appears to be gay too.and yet he is my friend.i guess i do have a gay friend
michael: you know what, im going to raise the stakes.i want you to watch this.and i want you to burn this into your brains.because this is an image that i want you people to remember for a long time to come.whenever you come into the office i want you to think about this.i did it.see.im still here.were all still here.
michael: oh come on!dwight!come on, man
michael: we are not in the playground anymore.there are new rules.we have to be mature.but we cant lose the spirit of child like wonder.what is love…anyway?maybe its supposed to break all the rules.like me and jan.or oscar… and some guy.life is short.when two people find each other, what should stand in their way
michael: i am glad that today spurred social change.thats part of my job as regional manager.but you know what?even if it didnt, at least we put this matter to bed.…thats what she said.or he said
michael: oh, theres gill.oscars roommate.i wonder if he knows
oscar: i was going to quit.but jan offered me a three month paid vacation and a company car.all i had to do was sign something saying i wont sue.gill and i are going to europe.kids, sometimes it pays to be gay
dwight:  “hope this helps.-jim”nice
oscar:  what are you doing?
dwight:  shhh.dont be scared. it works.…oh no
jan:   okay, what is your goal for after lunch
michael:  i will do my job to the best of my abilities
jan:   heaven help us.  specifically
michael:  i will do my 
jan:  
michael:  specifically, jan, i will make at least ten phone calls to clients
michael:  yes, i have to begin every day by letting jan know what i intend to accomplish, and then i have to call her at the end of the day to tell her what i 
jan:   are you on the toilet, michael
michael:   no
jan:  well, i know sometimes you are and… that you wouldnt tell me, so im just going to assume that you are, and call me back when youre finished
michael:  okay.
toby:  michael
michael: 
michael:  hi, honey.you holding up
pam:  yup
michael:  yeah
pam:  im… painting my new apartment tonight
michael:  oh, good. by yourself
pam:  yes
michael:  aw. well, hang in there, okay?you know what? you should get one of this big body pillows. that way you wouldnt miss you-know-who so much
pam:  thanks
michael:  roy
pam:  right
pam:  what do i think? i think everybody should stay out of everybodys personal business
oscar:  yes, im gay
meredith: 
meredith:  why are all the best-looking single men always gay
andy:  hey, big tuna. you ever google google? what do you think would happen
jim:  lets find out.
andy: 
jim:  oh! lots of results
andy:  i didnt mean you should do it. you were supposed to ponder it. its… you removed the fun. thanks a lot, big tuna
