dwight:  merry christmas!
pam:  merry christ– no! why… why did you bring that here
dwight:  dont worry, shes dead. oh wait. hes dead.
pam:  dwight, what uh…
dwight:  i accidentally ran over it. its a christmas miracle
pam:  well, get it out of here.
dwight:  relax, ok. and because this is christmas, i am going to roast this goose and prepare it with a wild rice dressing. do we have any cayenne pepper in the kitchen
jim:  merry christmas dwight
dwight:  jim
jim:  wow. what have we got here
dwight:  what does it look like?
jim:  dead goose.
dwight:  and circle gets the square.
jim:  all right
dwight:   so can you watch this? im gonna get my carving knife out of the trunk.
toby:  oh, dwight, we talked about this
dwight:  no, toby, this is different. hes already dead
dwight:  once i brought in a duck. to prepare for lunch. and people got upset. apparently, they got attached to the duck and didnt want to see it killed
dwight:  he was already dead. and we schrutes use every part of the goose. the meat has a delicious, smoky, rich flavor. plus you can use the molten goose grease and save it in the refrigerator, thus saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive goose grease.
jim:  wow. win-win
dwight:  exactly. thank you, jim
phyllis:  i like goose. if its already dead is it so crazy we eat it
creed:  thats crazy. its crazy
toby:  dwight, you cannot keep that here
dwight:  ok, that is ridiculous. and totally against the spirit of christmas.
toby:  come on dwight. we went over this, like for a half an hour.
dwight:  its christmas toby
toby:  its a dead animal in an office. you cant…
dwight:  toby…
toby:  im sorry
dwight:   please? please
toby:  clean it in your car
pam:  i would like it off my desk.
dwight:  oh pam. take a chill pill
michael:   deck the halls with boughs of holly. fa la la la la la la la la.  ‘tis the … ack.  hey!  i would like a nice slice of christmas pam. side of candied pams. and perhaps, some pam-chops, with mint…
pam:  can i help you, michael
michael:  im looking for the toy drive box.
pam:  its behind you.
michael:  ok…well, i need to put this bike in there. i hope itll fit, with all these little knickknacks
jim:  wow. what kind of bike is that
michael:  umm… i dont know? average kind
kevin:  the tires look pretty worn.
michael:  well, that is probably from the test drive
jim:  but the paints chipping. is that your old bike, michael
michael:  no
andy:  yo, michael, sweet ride mike
michael:  oh, thanks.
pam:  michael
michael:  yes?  oh pam, that is so sweet. you didnt have to do that.
pam:   i didnt, its from corporate.
michael:  ok. did everybody get one of these?
pam:  yup
michael:  terrific. good
michael:  this is going to be the best christmas ever. my girlfriend carol is coming to our party tonight, and i have a little surprise for her.  ive got two tickets to paradise! pack your bags, were leaving the day-after-tomorrow! um,taking her to sandals, jamaica, all-inclusive. all-inclusive. you know what that means? right? yeah
jim:   oh, i think youre supposed to put a toy 
creed:  and a happy holiday to you
jim:    carol.
carol:  hi, is michael around here
michael:  there she is. a christmas carol. hello  youre about five hours early to the party. youre such a blonde. 
carol:  michael
michael:  hey, everybody. i dont know who you havent met yet, but i think this is one of them. this is my girlfriend – carol. this is just the front of her. show em, show em the other side.
carol:   what
michael:  turn around, turn around. come on.
carol:  get outta here.
michael:  no, you get outta here
andy:  michae
michael:  yes
andy:  if i may say. shes even prettier that you described her.
dwight:   oh, ouch. michael, i dont think there is anything wrong with the way you described her.
michael:  thank you.
carol:  i really need a moment alone with you.
michael:  not as much as i need a moment alone with you.  berp
carol:  what is this?
michael:  that is my christmas card. its a picture of you and me and your kids on a ski trip, having a blast. ski-sons greetings.
carol:  no. see, we never went on a ski trip
michael:  i know
carol:  i went on a ski trip.
michael:  right
carol:  two years ago with my kids and my ex-husband.
michael:  yes, but what you didnt realize at the time was that i was with you in a sense. i was in your heart…
carol:  michael.
michael:  and next to your kids. what
carol:  this is so weird.
michael:  i dont understand
jim:  its a bold move, to photoshop yourself into a picture with your girlfriend and her kids on a ski trip with their real father. but then again, michaels a bold guy.  is bold the right word
carol:  i think youre a really sweet guy.
michael:  o
carol:  but, um, i dont know how to deal with, with this thing . and, and the proposal. and i dont think things are going to work out with us
michael:  no, no no no ok, ok, you know what, youre not thinking straight. you know what you need? you need to think this through in  jamaicas largest fresh water pool.
carol:  what are you talking about?
michael:  i got us tickets to sandals, jamaica, we leave day after tomorrow. . you better find the skimpiest bikini there is.
carol:  oh, no. michael
michael:  and its all inclusive.
carol:  michael…
michael:  yes.
carol:  im sorry
michael:  no, carol. you walk out that door and it is over.
carol:  i know.
pam:  psst. jim.  um, hey. i need to give you your christmas gift now because, well, ill just tell you.
jim:  what
pam:  for the past few months ive been sending dwight letters from the cia.
jim:  are you serious?
pam:  theyre considering him for a top secret mission. theres his application. oh, and this is where i made him list every secret he promised hed never ever tell
jim:   last year, my boss, michael scott, took a day off because he said he had pneumonia, but really, he was leaving early to go to magic camp. wow
pam:  so… heres the gift. you get to decide what his top secret mission is.  sorry i didnt wrap it.
jim:   you know what? uh, i really dont think i should be doing this stuff anymore, you know?
pam:  oh
jim:  no, because of the promotion.
pam:  oh yeah
jim:  it just feels a little bit, like…
pam:  no, i get it, of course. ok.
jim:  i feel like theres a chance for me to start over. and if i fall back into the same kind of things i used to do., then … what am i doing
michael:  id like everybodys attention. christmas is canceled.
stanley:  you cant cancel a holiday.
michael:  keep it up stanley and you will lose new years.
stanley:  what does that mean
michael:  jim, take new years away from stanley
pam:  michael, whats going on
michael:  carol and i split up. amicably. and i just dont think it would be appropriate to celebrate under the circumstances.
jim:  will they still air ‘rudolph
kevin:  thats not fair.
dwight:   are we gonna cancel hanukah as well
michael:  fine!  have your party. just no guests.
phyllis:  but we invited guests
michael:  well, you know what phyllis? all of your guests would have probably canceled at the last minute anyway, leaving your life a stupid rotten mess
michael:  oh, oh, oh, oh, it hurts
pam:  i know.
michael:  it hurts my heart. it hurts my stomach. it hurts my arms
pam:  ok, well, why are you laying like that?
michael:   thanks. how did you push away the bad thoughts
pam:  like what?
michael:  like maybe, the real reason they left was because there were things they wanted you to do in bed, that were, foreign, and scary
pam:  well.. um i, i dont…
michael:  and not that you didnt want to try them. some wine may have helped. do you know what im referring to
pam:  i dont need to know
dwight:  michael. sorry to interrupt. uh, it appears were one bathrobe short
michael:  take it from toby
dwight: copy.
michael:  hey, would you like to go to sandals, jamaica with me?
pam:  no, thank you
michael:  its all…  ok
toby:  hey dwight. pretty nice robe-  why
angela:  phyllis, i need you to pick up green streamers at lunch
phyllis:  i thought you said green was whorish
angela:  no, orange is whorish
karen:  uh, so i had a couple of ideas to make the stamford people feel more at home. each year we have a christmas raffle … 
angela:  it would never work here
karen:  ok … um, another idea was karaoke …
angela:  no
karen:  a christmas drinking game …
meredith:  yes
angela:  god help you
karen:  what
angela:  these are all terrible ideas and none of them are on the theme of “a nutcracker christmas.” i think you should leave
karen:  youre kidding
angela:  you tried this out, and its clearly not for you. its time to go. come on.  please.  thank you. ok, thank you very much.
michael:  what are you doing?
dwight:   we are getting rid of everything that reminds you of carol
andy:  hey, whats the haps?
michael:  carol
dwight:  oh, look at this.  your old condo closing papers. its riddled with carols name. i wish i could throw this in the box.
dwight:  why dont you just buy the whole song
michael:  i dont have to buy it. i just want to taste it. i just… i just want a little taste of it.
dwight:  oh, look at this, she saved you two thousand dollars cause they failed to report a mold problem.  but wouldnt that affect the final… how did she? oh, oh, i see what she did. that is good. wow. carol is one smart cookie.
michael:   goodbye my lover. goodbye my friend.
michael:  this is an old adage, but they say when you find true love, you know within the first 24 hours. with carol, i knew within the first 24 minutes of the second day i met her
pam:  i feel like ive been kinda cold to karen and theres no real reason for it. i mean its not like shes ever done anything to me. so, i think i probably shouldnt be cold to her
pam:  hey, karen. sorry about that meeting today, that was really crazy
karen:  yeah, right? im so glad you said that. because, i dont know how those meetings usually go
pam:  um, usually like that.
karen:  does anyone ever stand up to angela or..
pam:  i think one of her cats did once. she came in with scratches all over her face.
karen:  right.
pam:  um, i really liked your karaoke idea.
karen:  oh cool, yeah
pam:  that could really be fun
karen: oh, thank you
pam:  you guys do a raffle
karen:  yeah, we do a raffle
toby:  hey kev
kevin:  hey.
angela:  this shouldve been up yesterday.
phyllis:  itll be all right.
angela:   what is that?  the “committee to plan parties invites you to a margarita-karaoke christmas?” theres no such thing as the “committee to plan parties.”
pam:  there is now. we just started it.
angela:  well, you just cant start a committee. you have to have funding.
karen:  whats your funding
angela:  two hundred dollars
pam:  whats ours again
karen:  umm, two hundred and one dollars.
pam:  oh right
kelly:   hey, a margarita-karaoke christmas party, that sounds like fun
angela:  no, that is not a party. theres only one party and its hosted by the party planning committee and it starts at three oclock.
kevin:  then why are there two flyers
karen:  oh, i understand that this is confusing for everyone, let me explain. theres a party that starts at three
kevin:  right
karen:  and then theres a way more fun party that starts at two forty-five.
pam:  right, and if youre interested in the way more fun party, all the info can be found here on our more brightly colored flyer.
kevin:  i didnt see where it was
jim:  yup, looks like the scranton people and the stamford people are finally coming together. and thats what you want, right
karen:  i think thats a really good option…
dwight:  pam and karen. i am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning. immediately.
pam:  you cant do that
dwight:  as ranking number three in this office, i am order 
andy:  umm… im number three
dwight:  youre number four
andy:  yeah, but im number three
dwight:  ah, no.  you must turn over to me all christmas decorations and party paraphernalia immediately that will be returned to you on january fourth.
jim:  ok, i think i can help here.
dwight:  ok, goo
jim:  as ranking number two, i am starting a committee to determine the validity of the two committees and i am the sole member. the committee will act on this now.
dwight:  ok, this is stupid
jim:  could you please keep it down?  im in session. ive determined that this committee is valid.
dwight:  no no, no, wait, wait, wait  permission to join the validity committee
jim:  permission denied
dwight:  damn it
andy:  hey. i cant concentrate when i know youre in pain, man. let me take you to lunch.  cmon, my treat.
michael:  all right. nothing here to distract myself with anyway
andy:  thats my boy. i know the perfect place, too
michael:  hooters
andy:  no. benihana. much classier. but dont worry, the babes are totally hot, too.
michael:  ah, i need my entourage  jim. dwight. ryan. cmon, were going to asian hooters.
ryan:  ah man, i cant.
michael:  why not
ryan:  im not feeling so well. ive got a ton of work to do here. msg allergy, peanut allergy, i just ate there last night.
michael:  ok, feel better
ryan:  thanks
michael:  cmon jim, lets go
jim:  ok.  wow, thanks for taking all the excuses, dude
ryan:  doctor appointment, car trouble, plantar warts, granddad fought in world war ii. use your head, man. i keep mine in here.  look alive, halpert. welcome back
michael:  bros before hos. why? because your bros are always there for you. they have got your back after your ho rips your heart out for no good reason. and you were nothing but great to your ho and you told her she was the only ho for you. and that she was better than all the other hos in the world. and then … and then suddenly shes not yo ho no mo
andy:  so she looks really hot, so i said, “you look hotter than usual today.”  thank you. michael  head of the table.
dwight:  get out jim.  actually, um…  sir, im going to need take this chair
michael:  dwight, just, just leave them alone please. theyre on a date. they look very happy.
andy:  so she looks at me right, and she goes, “im sorry, dont i even know you?” after a year, a 
jim:  yes
dwight:  i cant… i cant here what youre saying.
michael:  carol used to drink lattes.
dwight:   whatre you talking about
michael:  she would get this little foam mustache…
dwight:   carol had a mustache
michael:  and i used to say “hey, got latte?” and shed say, thats not funny.
dwight:   what are you guys talking about?
michael:  she totally got me. she understood that we didnt have to laugh to enjoy 
dwight:  michael! repeat what you said louder
dwight:  it is my job to be there for michael. how can i be there for michael if im here for michael?
michael:  im already starting to forget what color eyes she had. i cant, ok, im gonna call her. i am gonna call and find out…
andy:  no
dwight:  who are you calling
michael:  im just gonna call her
andy:  put that away. put that away. s.o.s. we… i… may day. haha. man down over here,  we need your help.
waitress:  what can i get for ‘ya
andy:  i think well start with a round of noga-sakes.
andy:  one part eggnog, three parts sake. some places wont make it for you though, because eggnog is seasonal
phyllis:  you should, you should put out salt for the rims
pam:  thats a great idea
angela:  phyllis
phyllis:  i was just getting a snack.
pam:  you can have your snack in here
angela:  pam, dont tell her what to do! phyllis
phyllis:  ok
kevin:  i think ill go to angelas party, because thats the party i know
ryan:  i miss the days when there was only one party i didnt want to go to
roy:  so i only use three?
pam:  if youre using more than three pieces of tape to wrap a present, youre doing it wrong.
roy:  ok. and where to do you get all those cool bows?
pam:  oh, i just get those at any party supply place.
roy:  ok. are you sure i cant use like, the cartoons from the newspaper?
pam:  oh yeah, your mom would love that
roy:   hey. all right, ill see you guys later.
pam:  bye.
karen:  hes cute. you should date him
pam:  oh, yeah… maybe
dwight:  looks like youve got a little nakiri knife action going there.
chef:  no, its usuba.
dwight:  yeah, i bet you wish you had a nakiri, though.
chef:  actually, the usubas the better knife when youre working with this quantity.
dwight:  nah, i dont know… still think nakiris better
woman at bar:  i think hed know.
michael:  nothing hes doing is cheering me up
andy:  wait for the onion. trust me. hey cindy, he just had his heart broken, you wouldnt do that to him, would you
cindy:  i dont know
michael:  oh, sure you would. look at you, i bet you break up with a guy every hour.
andy:  you made her laugh. yes! she totally digs us.  watch, watch, watch, watch.  heh, heh? what did i tell ‘ya
michael:  youre right. thats good
pam:  hello everyone. we would just like to announce that our party is starting now in the break room. so… you can come by… 
angela:  i have a very important announcement to make… about… your paychecks. umm… your paychecks will be arriving as scheduled on friday. and they will be in the correct amount that they are normally in… please stand by for a very important announcement… refer.. for further regarding your paycheck!
angela:   i need to know if i can start the party
dwight:  michael! hey! over here, michael!
andy:  this drink…
michael:  i dont know. no one can hear me. you know what? start the party.
angela:  did michael give you permission to do this
dwight:   start the party.
angela:   also, i would like to inform you that, um, as a special treat, my party will be starting early. in fact, it will be starting right now
pam:  our party is also starting now
karen:  yup.
karen:   all right stanley. woo
pam:  good choice.
angela:  welcome hannah. you will not be disappointed
hannah:  why would i be disappointed?
angela:  i said you wouldnt be disappointed.
angela:  meredith, if you dont come to my party, you will be very, very sorry
meredith:  is that a threat
angela:  no, its an invitation.
pam:  we have vodka
karen:  lots of it!
kevin:  i hear angelas party will have double-fudge brownies. it will also have angela. double fudge… angela… double fudge… angela  hmmm
angela:  brownies. cupcakes.
kevin:  dont push it
karen:  are we taking this too far? you know what, i dont think were taking this far enough.  what
pam:  i got goose bumps
angela:  i dont back down. my sister and i used to be best friends, and we havent talked in 16 years. over some disagreement, i dont even remember. so… yeah. im pretty good
michael:  ahh, damn this chicken is good. my compliments to the chef.  which is you! right? hahahaha. awesome! i need some meat. i want some steak.  i see steak.
man:  excuse me
michael:  excuse me  ah, un guard.  family style.
jim:  no, its not.
andy:  cindy, cindy.
michael:  i dont think… i love it
andy:  i want you to close your eyes and imagine your dream house.  cmon, do it for michael. hes had a really long day.
michael:   i dont know what hes doing
andy:  this is great
dwight:  jim! jim! what… whats happening?
jim:  oh,  shes asleep.
dwight:  oh… narcolepsy.
jim:  probably.
andy:  now open your eyes and describe it to me.
cindy:  i… dont know, it has four bed rooms and a loft…
dwight:  oh my gosh, now shes up
jim:  and shes trying to correctly butcher a goose, but shes having trouble coming up with it
dwight:  oh, ok. cindy! yo, cindy! cindy! hold its neck back and insert the knife below the jaw. bring it all the way around, theres going to be a good amount of blood.  dont let it bother you. have a bucket there, for the blood… and the innards… and the feathers
jim:  oh no, this is different. the cia thing, that was a prank on dwight. this is more like a umm… ok, its pretty much the same thing
kelly:  what dya think?
stanley:  fruity and delicious.
kelly:  see, i told you. you want one meredith
meredith:  no thanks. theyre too sweet
karen:  hey, so whats the status
ryan:  looks like they forgot the power cord.
pam:  what
karen:  oh, youre kidding me?
ryan:  no
karen:  oh, you guys, guys, um… im sorry, but theres a problem with the karaoke machine.
kelly:  well that blows.
darryl:  hang on little ladies. you dont need this thing, ill go grab my synthesizer.
everybody:  darryl! darryl! darryl!
phyllis:  hi
darryl:  hey. hey, look, when you get done with your…  meeting, you should, uh, come to the break room. were having a party.
phyllis:  oh, ok
darryl:  all right. se you later…
hannah:   these nuts are really hard to crack
angela:  try harder then.  uh uh. no one has seconds until everyones had some.
kevin:  youve got to be kidding
angela:  youve got to be kidding. {kevin takes bite of brownie
phyllis:  cold, huh
ryan:  huh?
phyllis:  maybe thatll help. is it cold in there
andy:   they have been checking us out, all night! i am not kidding
michael:  you know what we should do
andy:  what?
michael:  we should invite them to the christmas party
andy:  now, you are thinking. yes. and you know what? because you have had such a rough day, you get cindy.
michael:  oh, you are such mench my friend.
michael:  ok, where is everybody? i would like them to meet my new girlfriend.
jim:  im sure theyll want to meet her, too
michael:  the least i could do was give some poor sick kid a bike
second cindy:  that rocks.
michael:  nah, you rock. tell you what, if you want it, its yours
second cindy:  thanks! i, i wanna give you something.
michael:  oh.  thats what she said
michael:  hello? i would like everybody to meet my new girlfriend.
andy:  my new girlfriend.
angela:  wheres dwight
second cindy:  is he the hot one or the giant baby
michael:   the giant baby. wow, i am so sorry, i had no idea this party would be so lame
phyllis:   theres another party in the break room
michael:  oh, party in the break room! lets go, lets go! thank god! lets go to the break room.
angela:  hey, excuse me! waitress lady! hey, where do you think youre going with that? 
second cindy:  i thought i could have it
angela:  you cant have it  i dont walk into your house and steal your hello kitty backpack
michael:  shhh… shut it! cmon! party
dwight:  hey! its angela!  hey
michael:  were going to 
kevin:   i want you to know. that im happy for you. i wish nothing but
michael:  i just think there are two, two specific kinds of people in the world. people who own houses and people who own condos.  and… my question to you  is do you agree?
other waitress:  do i agree about what
michael:  do you agree about what?  wow. yourelucky youre so darn cute.
other waitress:  whatre you talking about
michael:  whatre you talking about
kevin:   and im here to remind you of the mess you left when you went away. its not fair, to deny me of the cross i bear that you give to me. you, you, you, you, you, you, you oughta know ta know.
jim:  all right
angela:  did you have fun at benihanas?
dwight:  no. it was awful. i couldnt hear anything.
angela:  ive had the worse day here
karen:   dwight, you won the raffle!
dwight:  no… way! yeah
karen:  open it! open it ! open it!
dwight:  oh
karen:  do you like it
dwight:  walkie-talkies
pam:  can i talk to you a second
dwight:  yes
karen:  well the committee to plan parties has served its purpose. were gonna disband. in the name of christmas.
pam:   in the name of nutcracker christmas
karen:  angela, weve been hearing really great thing about uh… your brownies and we were hoping youd consider merging into two parties
angela:  im not sure. does your karaoke machine have christmas songs?
pam:  yeah, but we dont have a power cord.
angela:  oh, i may have seen it somewhere.  is it this one
pam:  mmm. hmm
karen:  yeah, thanks
pam:  well go tell everyone
karen:  ok
andy:  your hands
both:  your body is a wonderland.
andy:  ill use my hands on it.
both:  something bout the way your hair falls in your face
kelly:   whatever we deny or embrace. for worse or for better. we belong, we belong, we belong together… ryan…
michael:  when you know, you just know.
kevin:  right
michael:  check her out. my little gal over there. babe-alectable
roy:  which one is she?
michael:  its… its one of those two.
roy:  you dont know
kevin:  dude, you should know
michael:  yeah… well, its been hard, theyre wearing the exact same uniform. and ive been drinking. and you know how all waitresses look alike
michael:  i honestly dont see what the big deal is. stevie wonder is married. are you going to tell me that stevie wonder doesnt love his wife just because hes not sure what she looks like
michael:  hey. wheres my girl? is she in the fridge? where is she hiding? i dont know where she is. ‘cause im drunk, i cant even find her.
second cindy:  you know where i am
michael:  haha, i do! i just havent hugged you in awhile
second cindy:  oh
michael:  oh, good. that felt good. lets go. party
creed:   spinnin n reelin with love. give it the time, i might come back down. but it feels so good. my feet dont touch the ground. wha..wha..wild. wha..wha..wild. well everybody knows, im crazy about ‘ya
dwight:   monkey, this is possum. do you copy
angela:   copy, possum. whats your twenty
karen:  no way.
jim:  what a horrible, horrible movie that was.
karen:  and now we get to remember it forever.
jim:  thank you
karen:  thank you.
second cindy:  hey
michael:  hey, hey, you. how are ya
second cindy:  hey. this party blows, so were gonna leave.
michael:  no, no, no. hey, you should stay because we are having fun and…
second cindy:  cool…
michael:  where do you wanna go
second cindy:  i… were just gonna take off.
michael:  i… you know what? i, ok, listen. i like you. i really like you. so much in fact, that i would like you to accompany me on a trip to sandals, jamaica.
second cindy:  no… i have school.
michael:  you want help? ok… merry christmas.
second cindy:  merry christmas
dwight:   lady, from the moment i saw you standing all alone. you gave all the love that i needed
michael:  that waitress was the one.
jim:  no. she wasnt
michael:  how can you be sure
jim:  well, for starters, ive known you as a couple since the beginning of the relationship, which was approximately  three hours ago.
michael:  dont make fun… youre making fun of me.
jim:  sorry
michael:  i guess, i didnt know her very well. i marked her arm.
jim:  you what
michael:  i, i put a mark on her arm.  so i could tell them apart. i dont… i know, i know. i cant believe i gave her my bike
jim:  yeah
michael:  oh, why do i feel like crap
jim:  you just had a rebound
michael:  i had rebound? yeah
jim:  yeah. which, dont get me wrong, can be a really fun distraction, but, when its over, youre left thinking about the girl you really like, the one that broke your heart
michael:  i totally rebounded. someone else shoots and i take the ball and i score. well, i guess i didnt score and im not sure whos actually shooting, but, whatever. doesnt matter. its all good. or as my ex might say. domo arigato, mr. scott-o
angela:   little baby, parum pum pum pum. i am a poor boy too, parum pum pum pum. i have no gift to bring, parum pum pum pum. thats fit to give our king, parum pum pum pum.
michael:   yes, i just wanted to see if, uh you would like to come to jamaica with me. theres this resort called sandals. really? ok. all right. i promise you wont be disappointed. umm, its all-inclusive
angela:   … shall i play for you, parum pum pum pum
oscar:  too soon.
angela:   i played my drum for him, parum pum pum pum. i played my best for him, parum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
dwight:   pum pum pum pum pum pum pu
dwight:  bye pam
pam:  night
jim:   oh, you know what? sorry, forgot to tell you. i intercepted a transmission earlier and it seems that the cia is gonna need dwight down at their headquarters in langley for training and an ice cream social with the other agents.
pam:  we should get him a bus ticket.  to make his trip easier
jim:  oh no, that would be great.
pam:  it costs seventy five dollars.
jim:  hmm… well, maybe the cia can send a helicopter?
pam:  ohh…
dwight:   what the?  “you have been compromised. abort mission. destroy phone.” destroy phone?
michael:  william randolph shakespeare once wrote in one of his plays, and im paraphrasing here, “love doth be poison.” brilliant. and a lot of people dont give shakespeare enough credit. they think it was somebody else. a-holes
angela:  when michael suggested canceling christmas, i was outraged, not on my behalf, but on behalf of baby jesus. i mean, would he cancel christmas because he got dumped or he was two weeks behind on his party planning, on top of the fact that his cats were ill? i think not. i think baby jesus would suck it up and plan his party
karen:  we didnt have a party planning committee in stamford. somebody would just volunteer to run out to carvel and pick up an ice cream cake. so the fact that they have a committee here, fascinating
angela:  this is ridiculous. i… ive spent so much time, like i always do. and for that little trollop to come in here and throw her own party… are you even listening to me
toby:  angela, what do you want me to do
angela:  i want you to tell her to stop, toby. am i being clear
toby:   look, its a free country. if she wants to throw a party
angela:  what are you…
toby:  …using her own money
angela:  and what
toby:  …then she should be allowed to.
angela:  no she shouldnt
toby:  the more the merrier.
angela:   stop it.
toby:  oww
angela:  im sorry. it wasnt my intention to hurt you, but i want to wake you up to the injustice thats going on right in front of your face.
toby:  that really hurt. im writing you up.  hey, you are not allowed to touch other employees. am i being clear
angela:  michael was so right about you. you are pathetic
creed:  i dont care which party i go to. once youve danced naked at a hash bonfire with the spirits of the dead, all parties seem pretty much the same
kevin:  i think ill go to angelas party, because thats the party i know
phyllis:  where would you like the rice krispy treat stars
angela:  theyre sugarplum fairy wands.
phyllis:  sugarplum fairy wands
angela:  its like you werent even at the meeting
stanley:  im going to the party in the break room, because they have more chairs in there. if i have to stand around a long time, i get real unpleasant to be around
angela:   hmm hmm.
michael:  no, no, no, no. you know what, i better hold off. i wanna make sure i dont dial carol before i get drunk
jim:  so, really, youre just calling her
michael:  yeah. you know what? i am. im gonna call her. thats a good idea.
dwight:   wheres michael going? michael? is he sick? is he choking?
michael:   no, i dont think im asking too much. i think its only fair that you tell me exactly what i did wrong. okay. uh huh. well that… yeah. uh huh. all right. well, could you tell me something that i did 
ryan:   hey
kelly:  hello, ryan
ryan:  merry christmas.
kelly:  oh, thank you. do you always get presents for your ex-girlfriends
ryan:  okay, were never technically… um is there.. is there a problem?
kelly:  well, i didnt get you anything, because you have treated me inconsiderately, and im not gonna stand for that anymore
ryan:  um thats… thats fair. im sorry. merry christmas.
kelly:   wait, ryan, youre not mean. youre adorable. im so sorry. i got you a present, too. but then when i got to work, i didnt see anything on my desk from you, so i threw it away. and then asuncion took the trash out, thats why i think its in the dumpster. im so sorry. im the worst.
angela:  theres no fizz in this punch. phyllis
phyllis:  ill just go get a ginger ale
angela:  no, ive got it, phyllis. stay. have fun. eat your wand
ryan:   hey, kelly, you know what? throw my gift away, too.
kelly:   no, you paid money for that cd
ryan:  im serious. itll show that we dont care about material things.
kelly:  i dont understand
ryan:  kelly, im so cold
kelly:   you dont have to scream at me.
ryan:  are you having fun in this relationship
kelly:  sometimes
ryan:  i dont know kelly, sometimes i look at us and i think
kelly:   dont dump me while im in the dumpster. just go back inside if youre so cold. ill just stay in the dumpster. 
ryan:   did you look over here
kelly:  whos eating all these apples
ryan:  kelly.
kelly:  and what are these? are… why are there egg yolks in here? arent you supposed to eat the yolks
ryan:  michael was on an egg-yolk diet. hes so weird
kelly:  do you think i should diet
ryan:  no, youre perfect.  what? did you find it
kelly:  no, im scared
ryan:  all of a sudden
kelly:  uh huh. hold me
michael:  oh, honey, heres stanley
second cindy:  hi
michael:  he is also in an interracial relationship, so, you know, if you have any problems, you can always call him.
stanley:  oh, youre gonna face far greater problems than i can possibly help you with
michael:  sounds good. okay, lets go
