jim:  all right, lets get started. umm… oh, first off, were supposed to be pushing cardstock this week. so… lets push cardstock this week. uh, also…  what is this?
dwight:  tape recorder. 
jim:  for what?
dwight:  for recording. michael is on vacation and hes asked me to record all meetings and to type up the transcripts.
jim:  ok. uh, karen, any news from that law firm? 
karen:  yeah, the deal closed yesterday, its the six month commitment. 
jim:  oh my god, dwight, whatre you doing?
dwight:  what? 
jim:  youre not allowed to take off your pants in the middle of the office. 
dwight:  im not.
jim:  dwight, you know what, just back up, okay, thats making me uncomfortable. this is sexual harassment, by the way. oh my god! hes got a knife!
dwight:  i do not have a knife!
jim:  no, let the record show that dwight k. schrute is now completely nude and is holding a plastic knife to stanleys neck?!
dwight:   let the record show that jim halpert is a liar!
jim:   dwight schrute is now wearing a babys bonnet.
dwight:  give me it. i am not. 
phyllis:  oh, jim carrey just walked in! dwight, get his autograph for michael quickly… 
dwight:  jim carrey did not just walk in, ok.
karen:  dwight, what is that on your stomach? is that a muppet babies tattoo?
jim:  oh my god, karen, youre right, that is animal from the muppet babies.
dwight:  you cant see… you cant see my stomach.
andy:  i am now chopping off phyllis head with a chainsaw! … rin-in-in-in-in-in
michael:  hey, mon!
pam:  hey. you have a bunch of messages and…  thats nice. hannah quit while you were gone. i guess she memo-ed to file some complaints she had about being a working mother? and so you might also have to be deposed. 
michael:  blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. relax. 
pam:  ok.
michael:  just relax, ok? ill get to all of it later. 
pam:  its kind of serious. 
michael:  arent you going to ask me how jamaica was? say it. ask me.
pam:  how was jamaica?
michael:  it was 
stanley:  oh, michael, im glad youre here.
michael:  stanley. you know what? it is really good to see you, too.
stanley:  my bonus check was a hundred dollars less than you promised.
michael:  ok, well payroll is in charge of all that.
stanley:  they said i should talk to you.
michael:  well, i am just getting settled in. so, im gonna… 
stanley:  i am not doing a lick more work until i get my full bonus check.
michael:  you are not as much fun as your jamaican brothers… mon
jim:  you want to talk about it?
karen:  nope
karen:  i still havent found an apartment yet. im living in a hotel. yesterday, i saw a “for rent” sign down the street from jim and he said he didnt think itd be such a good idea. he said it would be like we were living together. in different houses. two blocks away
michael:  feelin hot, hot, hot!  feelin hot, hot, hot! feelin hot, hot, hot! feelin hot, hot, hot! thats all i know so far, but im gonna keep practicing. 
pam:  thats good. 
michael:  you know, i had never been out of the country before now?
pam:  huh.
michael:  got to see how jamaicans live. it is great, you know. they just relax, they party all the time. 
pam:  its kind of an impoverished country.
michael:  yeah… gosh. great. you know what, pam? make a note. i want us all to start having pina coladas every day at three.
pam:  but you cant today, were doing inventory.
michael:  inventorys at the end of december. 
pam:  we couldnt do it without you, so we postponed. 
michael:  i specifically went on vacation so i would miss it
michael:  inventory is boring. in the islands, they dont make you do stuff like take inventory. why do you think so many businesses move to the caymans
michael:  tonight, we are going to have an inventory luau. i want to bring back a little slice of paradise to the dunder mifflin warehouse inventory. so, party planning committee, get on it. 
angela:  by the end of the day? thats impossible. 
michael:  the jamaicans dont have a word for “impossible.”
jim:  yep, its english, its “impossible.”
angela:  michael, theres no way we can do it in time
michael:  how hard is a luau? all you need are some grass skirts, pineapple, poi, tiki torches, suckling pig, some fire dancers. thats all you need
michael:  come on in. settle in. settling. settling… and settled. good, there is something i would like to show everybody. see this sign?  “no shirt, no shoes, no problem.” this is an attitude i would like all of you to have right here. so what, if we have to stay late to do inventory? no problem.
pam:  oh my god. is that jan?  
everybody:  what? where?
pam:  on the left.
everybody:  oh yeah, oh my god.
michael:  no, no, no. no, thats a german woman named urkel grue
michael:  jan told me to play it cool and not tell anybody because it can get us both in trouble. so officially, i did not see her. but i did see jan there. in our room. at night. and in the morning. thats all im gonna say. sex. we had sex. i had sex with her. i had sex with jan
michael:   hey dude. i just got back from jamaica. 
packer:  big whoop! i was in hot-lanta. that whole town is whacked. 
michael:  yeah, that sounds amazing. you know what? the lady jan levinson wanted to go to montego bay. 
packer:  you took the ice queen? i dont buy it.
michael:  well im looking at a photo, right now. and im telling ‘ya, could be in maxim. 
packer:  they wouldnt give you a subscription to maxim. 
michael:  oh no? 
packer:  no.
michael:  ok. well, check this out. i am sending you some email. you got it?
packer:  well, no. i got nothing. 
michael:  check it again. hit refresh.
packer:  yeah, mike, still nothing. 
michael:  ok, wait a second. i sent it to you at…  
packer:  wait, i just got it from somebody else. wow. this is hot. damn! how do i get you out of this picture
michael:  darryl?! hey. hi. wheres darryl? 
roy:  hes in the office.
michael:  ok, hey, man, hows it going? 
darryl:  all right, whats up mike?
michael:  thats great, ok. um, so did you get an email from me?
darryl:  yup.
michael:  ok. well, that was supposed to go to packer, not “packaging.” did you already, um, forward to a whole bunch of people? 
darryl:  uh huh.
michael:  ok. um, well, did you get the second email that i sent? explaining that the first email was a mistake and that you should delete it. 
darryl:  yup.
michael:  and you sent that out to everyone?
darryl:  mike, im very busy down here.
jim:  yikes.
kevin:  already sent it to you my friend. 
jim:  fantastic. 
andy:  boring. call me if she rolls over
pam:  hey. 
jim:  hey. 
pam:  you ok? 
jim:  yeah. 
pam:  you sure?
jim:  yeah. yes. um, im just in this, like, stupid fight with karen. 
pam:  oh. you want to talk about it?
jim:  really
michael:  i have a special assignment for you.
dwight:  whos the target?
michael:  a sensitive email has been released to the office. it contains a file, a picture. the file name is “jamaican jan sun princess.”
dwight:  whats it of? 
michael:  not important.
dwight:  unless youre willing to tell me everything, i cannot accept this assignment. 
michael:  ok, forget it. 
dwight:  ok, i accept it
jim:  so, i dunno, i just feel likes weve been dating a month, right? same street. i think that might be a little close. a little much. 
pam:  hmm.
jim:  hmm, what? 
pam:  how far away does she live now, like ten minutes? 
jim:  yeah, i guess. 
pam:  honestly, i think you should go easy on her
pam:  no, i didnt mind helping jim with his problem. thats what friends do. i help phyllis all the time. just yesterday, i untangled a piece of tape from her hair. so, yeah
jim:  hey, thanks a lot. 
pam:  oh, dont worry about it. i mean, its better than listening to michael play a conch shell… which is what i was doing. oh, also, michael went to jamaica with jan!
jim:  oh, yeah, how have we not talked about this already? i mean what happened there? kidnapping?
toby:  hey i need to talk to you right now.
michael:  not now, not ever.
toby:  about you and jan.
michael:  aww, none of your business. 
toby:  wish it were true, but it, it uh, seems from that photo that you took, youve entered into an intimate relationship. 
michael:  that photo is my personal property and if you are telling me you went on my computer and stole that photo, then i am going to call the cops. 
toby:  michael, nine different people emailed me that photo, including my ex-wife… we dont talk now. 
michael:  this is probably the icebreaker you need. 
toby:  you know, for your own protection, you should disclose the relationship to hr.
michael:  i bet you would love all the details, wouldnt you? skeevy little perv.
toby:  all right, if youre having a relationship with your superior, you must disclose it. 
michael:  no, no, no. i am not dating jan. she was very clear about that. just two like souls having a romantic time in the most romantic place on earth. got enough, weirdo?
toby:  all right, thanks michael.
michael:  ok
angela:  ok, we only have three hours people to plan a whole luau, and youre not helping.
karen:  what are the ingredients of poi?
phyllis:  i called every grocery store in scranton, and no one sells whole pigs.
angela:  did you try the petting zoo
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. just a second. michael, its jan on the phone for you.
michael:  oh, god, no. no, no! hang up! hang up! tell her im not here. tell… tell her, i ran out for cash. i hit a deer. i hit a deer with my car. tell her i hit a cat. tell her i hit a cat.
pam:  hell call you back. ok, great.
michael:  she bought it?  ok. ok.
dwight:   michael hit a deer
dwight:  michael! michael!  theres an emergency in the warehouse.
michael:  there an accident? somebody hurt?
dwight:  no, its… involves the photograph.
michael:  oh. god. no, no, no, no, no
roy:   mike, you are a rock star, man. you are the man! well done.
michael:  all right. 
roy:  that corporate booty, he likes to hit it
michael:  hello. hi. attention everyone. um, apparently, there is an email circulating around that contains a very pg-13 rating picture of me and a woman—
kevin:  jan.
michael:  no, kevin. a woman. maybe jan, maybe… 
jim:  urkel grue.
michael:  my point is that, if you get it, i would ask that you just delete it. sight unseen. lets be professional, all right
michael:  feelin… feelin hot, hot, hot! 
pam:  hey.
michael:  hey.
pam:  what are you doing out here?
michael:  island living. you know?
pam:  jan called. shes coming in later to talk to you.
michael:  did she say what its about?
pam:  thats all she said. 
andy:  ole ole – ole ole… ole ole – ole ole. people in the party – hot hot hot
jim:  uh, i think you dropped this 
karen:  you sure?
jim:  definitely
dwight:  i have disconnected the office t1 line. i have ordered that that  be taken down and destroyed all print outs from the bathroom. 
michael:  there are copies in the bathroom? 
dwight:  there were. a lot of them.
michael:  all right
karen:  i think i owe you one.
pam:  sorry?
karen:  for talking sense into halpert. the days inn room 228 was starting to get really depressing.
pam:  oh, yeah, no. dont worry about it. i mean, he was being ridiculous.
karen:  yeah, but… thanks. seriously.
pam:  sure
darryl:  oh, yes! yes! whatd i tell you? i knew hed turn up  you see that? this is the greatest night of my life
dwight:  who did this to you?  where is he? 
pam:  what? no, its not… its nothing. 
dwight:   its hot in here.
pam:  yeah.
dwight:  yeah.
pam:   thanks. you dont need to stay here.
dwight:  i know.  so youre pmsing pretty bad, huh
jan:  hello everyone. hello michael.
michael:  guh.
kevin:  hi jan, you look… tan.
jan:  i was in scottsdale visiting my sister.
kevin:  yeah. how was it?
jan:  very sunny. familys important. michael, i would like to speak with you, in your office.
michael:  ok, yup
jan:  why am i here, michael?
michael:  i… 
jan:  in the last year, ive gone through a divorce, an identity theft, a husband who would not… communicate. this is nether here or there. my psychiatrist thinks that i have some self-destructive tendencies and that for once, i should indulge them. you following me? 
michael:  i… i… yes.
jan:  i think i owe it to myself to find some kind of happiness, you know? i mean, even, even if it means… lowering my expectations or, or redefining the word, itself. 
michael:  ok, yeah.
jan:  this is the kind of thing, you know? i am… attracted to you. i, i dont know why, i… but, i am. and, i need to follow my instincts. at least thats what dr. perry thinks. 
michael:  who is dr. perry? i… 
jan:  this is the point, ok? youre wrong for me. in… in… every way. but i still find myself wanting to… be with you.
michael:  and i, to you, in addition, feel the same feelings that you are as well. 
jan:  good, good. 
michael:  so, umm… thanks for coming by. so, i, uh… 
jan:  well, good, ok. thank you… for taking the time… 
michael:  well thanks for coming over, i appreciate – 
jan:  wait 15 minutes, find an excuse, and meet me at your condo. 
michael:  jan, you… complete… me. 
jan:  oh, god
roy:  hey, remember when we were planning our honeymoon and you wanted to go to hawaii and i wanted to go to mexico?
pam:  yeah.
roy:  i was definitely right.  oh, brother
kevin:  what am i going to do?  im gonna hang it up at home. i dont have a lot of art.
michael:  i just had the best, most romantic week of my life in sandals, jamaica. went with a lady, and we laid on the beach and drank fruity drinks for free, because it was all-inclusive. and then i flew back to scranton, and then they lost one of my bags.
michael:  hey, mister tally man, tally me banana, six hand, seven hand, eight hand, brunch!  so delicious. dinner, too. and every morning i would watch the sunrise and i would eat a mango. that is how i want to feel all the time. its called island living. you know, how they say take a chill pill? in jamaica, i took one. guy on the beach sold it to me for $40. and after i finished vomiting, i was more relaxed than i ever have been. lost six pounds, too. thats how i want every day to be.
pam:  michael sends me a postcard from every vacation he goes on. atlantic city, he wishes i was here. busch gardens, virginia, all i got was this lousy postcard. and this time, im jamaican-him-crazy. i dont know how far away he thought he was, because he put $10 worth of stamps on this
dwight:  hello, youre back
michael:  yeah, mon. me just got back to the office
dwight:  while you were gone
michael:  me had an i-rey time
dwight:  while you were gone, jim glued my desk drawers together. he changed my voicemail so that my voice sounded like a chipmunk. he told me that we had a meeting at 4:00 am, and i was the only one who showed up
michael:  dwight, please, please
dwight:  he turned over my
michael:  i just got back from vacation, mon, all right? so chill. lets dont… dont harsh my mellow, mon.
dwight:  i took a vacation once. never again. while i was away, jim had my desk shipped to me in roswell
michael:  presents. i got presents for everybody. dwight, a genuine rastafarian wig
dwight:  unbelievable
michael:  andy, i got you a genuine jamaican t-shirt. they love milli vanilli down there
andy:  i give thanks, mon
michael:  you are so welcome, mon. angela, you just got leied.
angela:  no, i didnt
michael:  yes, you did. okay. oh, pam, i forgot to get you something
pam:  thats okay
michael:  im just kidding. coconuts for your coconuts
pam:  no
michael:   try it on
pam:  no
michael:  go ahead. let me know if i miscalculated the size. i dont think i did
pam:  thank you
michael:  stanley, i got you some ganja. im just kidding. its coffee. i bet you wish it was ganja.
michael:  i just got back from vacay. come on. give me a break, man.  waves over jamaica, $6.99.
creed:  did he actually give you some ganja
stanley:  no
creed:  you want some
michael:  okay, let me tell you a little story. when i was on vacation, i met a man named bavon. and bavon takes people parasailing. and you know what he said to me? he said that he loves going to work every day. how many of you can say that you love going to work every day like bavon?  no one
kevin:  but, michael, buvon gets to go parasailing every day, and thats fun
michael:  his name is bavon. and you know what? im sure bavon gets sick of his job, too. im sure he would like to take a day off. im sure he would like to spend a vacation selling paper, but he has the right attitude. and that is something that you learn when you go to jamaica, and you really apply yourself.
michael:  i would love to take them all to jamaica, but is that good management? yes. but is it the best management? well, i cant afford it, and corporate wont pay for it. so whos the real criminal
michael:  how many of you know the meaning of the jamaican term, hakuna matata
jim:   are you stoned
michael:  i
jim:  in the picture, are you high
michael:  oh, thats red eye
jim:  is that not what happens when youre high
kevin:  you look like you have the munchies
michael:  well
kelly:  i have the munchies. im gonna get some of those chocolate wafers
michael:  hey, can we just focus?
pam:  michael and jan together in jamaica. i guess i would just need a little bit more evidence than seeing it with my own eyes.
ryan:  i dont know if michael and jan really went to jamaica, because michaels way into photoshop. for example, i never went with him to egypt.
phyllis:  where did you save the list of exchanges
stanley:  i will gladly give you that information when my bonus comes through
phyllis:  but i wont be able to do inventory without it
stanley:  then you wont be able to do inventory.
phyllis:  yeah, i really like stanley, but im not always sure if he likes me. i guess thats okay, cause i dont really like him
dwight:  come on. come on
michael:  okay. well, jans email password is not dunder mifflin, sandals, jamaica, michael, michael scott, jan scott, or mrs. jan scott
dwight:  try dwight
michael:  her passwords arent going to be dwight, dwight. thats stupid. okay.
michael:  dont you have some sort of chaser or gobbler thing that you can send out thats able to eat up that other emails? i read about something like that. well, i am in america and i am online, so i do think it involves you. uh-huh. and if i were a subscriber, would then you be able to send out the gobbler? id… yes, i will hold
someone:  so your trip to scottsdale was good
jan:  oh yeah, arizonas beautiful. yeah. its great to… great to see my sister
someone:  burnt
jan:  oh, yeah, i know. i dont… i dont normally lay out in the sun a lot, but, you know, when its scottsdale… i was visiting my sister and…
meredith:  when a woman gets older, shell go just about anywhere with just about anyone. ive done some things im not so proud of, but ive seen the world.
angela:  your body is a temple. you have to respect it. you cant just whore it out.
kevin:  i should be turned on. but, last year, remember, i had that skin cancer scare, and so now all i can think is that i hope she was wearing sunscreen. god, i would love to rub some on her.
dwight:  the worst part about the internet, when a secret is out, everyone knows. the best part about the internet, that video of the dancing indian midget, crossbow.org, massively multiplayer online gaming, i.e. everquest. i also enjoy online banking
pam:  okay. so i went on the internet, and she is not gonna find another apartment for that price. i mean this one is twice as much, and it doesnt have parking. does she like to park
jim:  oh, loves it
pam:  okay. this one is the same price but its got
jim:  green walls
pam:  i think thats mold
jim:  ooh… fancy.
dwight:  spiderman, peter parker, would not reveal his love for mary jane for fear that she might be captured and harmed by the green goblin. now, if michael had studied the spidey principles that id drawn up for him, jans boobs might not be all over the internet.
dwight:  attention everyone! may i have your attention, please? listen up. if we all work really hard and focus, we should be out of here in seven hours. now, somewhere in these stacks, i have hidden a deck of cards. that should motivate you to keep your eyes open. if you find the deck of cards, you can redeem it with me in exchange for a free soft drink.  get back… back to work!
pam:  yes, it is the island luau inventory 07. its actually a success compared to disco audit 05
roy:  whats the problem
ryan:  we have seven fewer boxes of canariola copier paper in stock than were supposed to
roy:  let me see this.  looks good to me.
stanley:  i wouldnt have come, but i know jan is showing up soon. i dont wanna miss the show.
michael:   hey! hey! stop your mouth, please
kelly:  eighty-six. eighty-seven.  eighty-eight. eighty-nine
andy:  hey dwight, i bet i can stack faster than you can
dwight:  please, i can double your pace
andy:  oh, yeah? prove it, champ. you ready
dwight:  lets go
andy:  one, two, three, go
jim:   nice
andy:  get out of my way, jim
dwight:  jim, move
jim:  okay
dwight:  okay
andy:  dang it
dwight:  two at a time
andy:  those arent straight. totally crooked. totally crooked. youre disqualified
meredith:   be careful.  hello? im stuck!
michael:  hey, stanley, in case i dont see you again after tonight, here is your bonus, $1,000 cash. keep the change.
stanley:  there is a butterfly on this. why
michael:  it is jamaican. the exchange rate is 65-to-1. i dont remember in which direction
stanley:  so its either worth $15 bucks or $65,000
michael:  yes, good luck with that
toby:  you know, i actually lived in honolulu for a year
kevin:  oh, so youve been to a real luau
toby:  yeah
kevin:  yeah
angela:  i tried. we didnt have time
dwight:  youre a box short on the black, medium-line ballpoints
creed:  i dont know what to tell you.
creed:  one year, i had a close acquaintance of mine back a truck in here and clean out this whole place. that was a very good year. i think they blamed it on some kid
