michael: jim, could you come in here please
harvey:  hi, jim
jim:  hello
harvey:  i am harvey, a computer. jim sucks
michael:  sorry, oh wow, thats so rude. im sorry, i cant control him
jim:  yeah, you can
michael:  you know what? get pam
jim:  for this
michael:  pam
harvey:  pam, you look very hot today
jim:  pam, meet harvey. this is michaels new friend
pam:  great
harvey:  me so horny. me love you long tim
michael:  oh, that is gross
pam:  who is ‘long tim
michael:  damn it
harvey:  long time. me lobe yoy long time
jim:  oh well, ‘yoy should bring in ‘long tim in one day. shouldnt he
pam:  i would love to meet long tim
jim:  yeah. right
pam:  yeah.
harvey:  you ruined a funny joke, you. get out of my offive.
jim:  ok
pam:  ok. bye harvey
harvey:  boobs
kevin:  angela
angela:  what
kevin:  that was a voicemail that corporate left last night. they did not get our tax forms. did you send them
angela:  they arrived this morning
kevin:  are you sure? it is a big deal
angela:  is it a big deal? is it kevin
kevin:  … do you really not know? because it is a big deal
andy:  five of us transferred from stamford. there are two of us left. me and karen. its like we are touring willy wonkas chocolate factory and dropping off one by one. well, guess what? i am not falling in a chocolate river
angela: everything ok?
dwight:  everything is fine. you are in the clear
angela:  thank you.  i… i dont want those
michael:  dwight, care to join us, finally? thank you
andy:  hey dwight, pass the tardy sauce. get it michael
michael:  yes. ok, here is the dream team. my sales dream team. today we are going to team up for sales calls. andy, since this was your idea, you get to pick first
andy:  hmmm, well… let me think about this for a minute. oh, i dont know. michael scott
michael:  oh
andy:  ph. d. doctor of sales
michael:  well, i appreciate that. that is very gracious of you.
andy:  well, it is very gracious of you to accept.
michael:  well, thank you sir. ok, now going by seniority. phyllis, our resident senior
phyllis:  were the same age and ill pick… karen
karen:  oh, uh, thanks
michael:  good. next up, superfly himself, stanley
stanley:  pass
michael:  you cant pass. youve got to pick somebody
stanley:  … ill take the kid
ryan:  i am very flattered. i was his second choice after “pass.
michael:  so that just leaves dwight and jim.
dwight:  ok, wait. does anyone want to trade
jim:  yup. ill trade
jim:  dwight and i used to go on sales calls all the time. in fact, i have a picture to remember that time. oh young jim. there is just so much i need to warn you about. and yet, tragically, i cannot
andy:  sebring by chrysler. heck of a… motor… carriage.
michael:  dwight
dwight:  yup
michael:  here ya go.
dwight:  yeah! you want shirts on hangers
michael:  please
andy:  he does your laundry
michael:  long story. all right everybody, circle up. here we go. you know what this is? this is the “amazing race.”  and you guys are the retired marines.  and you guys are the mother and daughter.  and you guys are the gay couple. and we are the firefighter heroes. are we ready to go
karen:  wait, “amazing race” like, the biggest sale wins
michael:  no, were just going to rush out, do the sales thing, and come back.
ryan:  is there a prize
michael:  just bragging rights
phyllis:  then how is this “amazing race”
michael:  its just… brrrrrr… its “amazing race,” phyllis. okay? were in teams of two and we are on a mission. all right, so, on your mark, get set, go. lets do it
dwight:  come on!
phyllis:  michael.
michael:  whoah, whoah. oh hahahaha. vamanos
andy:  bueno
phyllis:  do you have a pole
karen:  lets go get a broom
jim:  seriously? youre going to sit in the back
dwight:  uh, yeah. its the safest part of the car. in the event of a crash, the driver always protects his side of the car first
michael:  here we go
andy:  in order to take down dwight, i have to chip away at his ally, which, in this case, is michael. heres the good news. every success ive ever had at my job or with the lady-folk has come from my ability to slowly and painfully wear someone down
andy:  whats the deal with dwight doing your laundry
michael:  ugh… that is a long story. um, couple of months ago, dwight tried to go behind my back with jan and get my job and i am now having him do my laundry as punishment.
andy:  wow, that is a long story, but quite well told, michael. i find it very interesting. especially about the part dwight going behind your back and basically, like, being a terrible person. you know if you want your laundry done right? i used to work at abercrombie. so, pretty good folder
angela:  hey pam. would you like to go with me to grab a coffee
pam:  really
angela:  yeah, i could use some fresh air. might be fun.
pam:  ok. sure.
angela:  ok
karen:  why are we turning in here, this is a beauty salon?
phyllis:  um-hmmm
ryan:  hey, do you mind if i take the lead on this one and then you can critique me after?
stanley:  you want the lead
ryan:  yeah, if you dont mind.
stanley:  mind? nothing would delight me more
dwight:  leave the keys
jim:  you still do that thing
dwight:  leave the keys
andy:  i think you have assembled an amazing team at scranton. its really a pleasure to be a part of it. its like, everyone has their own special skill, you know, just like the superfriends. except for dwight, who is more like a superdud. i mean, he would be a superfriend if there was a superfriend whose super power was always being late. you know?
michael:  hawkman
andy:  my plan is taking longer than i thought but i dont give up easily. i have walked two marathons.
michael:   lets go. the mens room was disgusting
jim:  after you sir.
dwight:  no thank you, i never let anyone walk behind me. seven out of ten attacks are from the rear.
jim:  ok, well, that still leaves a 30% chance that i will attack you from the front.
dwight:  uh, yeah, but it will be easier to stop. i can always block the blow. i can counter it with…
pam:  angela, you seem so happy. i bet you wish you were like this all the time.
angela:  this friend of mine – lets call her noelle – she missed this deadline turning something in to corporate in new york. but then this gallant gentleman – well call him kurt – he drove all the way to new york and handed it in for her. thats… i dont know. i guess he really just likes her a lot.
pam:  thats great.
angela:  yes, it is.  hello
michael:  hey, did you catch that up at lake wallenpaupack
buyer:  yep.
michael:  you know, i used to go up there all the time with my step-dad, and i never caught anything that big.
andy:  caught an eighty-pound shark off of montauk. its in the hamptons. my dads got a 42-ft bayliner. sniped it with a rifle from the crows nest. also shot a deer once.
michael:  you know what? lets get right down to it. dunder-mifflin may be just two rooms and a warehouse, but what we lack in flash, we will make up for with hardwork and decency.
andy:  ok, this is the classic undersell because you should know we dont work out of a log cabin. we trade on the new york stock exchange. ever heard of it? its in new york.
buyer:  uh, i have to say i am a little wary with getting involved with a big company. weve had some problems in the past.
michael:  i think what andy is trying to express is that while we have the resources of a large company, we will give you the care and attention of a small company.
andy:  oh, man, that is, like, poetry.
michael:  no.
andy:  i swear, this guy could sell paper to a tree.
michael:  stop it.  stop it.
andy:  ow
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam.  this is pam. i did?
andy:  oh man. talk about your classic “lame dash o.” do we even want that guy buying our paper
michael:  yes
andy:  i… im so sorry man. i really screwed that up.
michael:  ah, no. dont worry about it.
andy:  i really ‘schruted it.
michael:  what
andy:  ‘schruted it. its just this thing that people say around your office all the time. like, when you screw something up in a really irreversible way, you ‘schruted it. i dont know where it comes from though. do you think it comes from dwight schrute
michael:  i dont know. who knows how words are formed
phyllis:  its a big order. thanks kenny.
karen:  yeah, thank you.
phyllis:  hey, hows annie
kenny:  oh, shes great. this is us last year in bermuda. lovely place. you ever been to bermuda
julius:  stanley hudson.
stanley:  ah, julius, hows it goin
julius:  great, great, great.
guy:  stanley
stanley:  so good to see you too. id like you fellas to meet ryan howard.
ryan:  hi.
stanley:  im gonna let ryan do a little pitch for you while i do my crossword. ryan
ryan:  um…  hi. hi. hi. hi.
julius:  hello, ryan. what do you have for us
ryan:  oh
jim:  we can offer our biggest discounts on 30% recycled and ultra-premium laser.
man:  ‘kay. ‘kay
dwight:  can i use your phone
man:  yeah, sure, go ahead.
dwight:  thanks.
jim:  let me talk to you about a few of the other things we can offer. namely, we know the tax season is coming up, so by april 1st we can have you fully stocked
dwight:   one…
jim:  we have discount prices on ink cartridges…
dwight:  three…
jim:  and, also, any forms that you are going to need…
dwight:  seven…
jim:  we can custom make them
pam:  yeah i did a watercolor of frances willard elementary school for a contest they were having. they were calling with the results. and i won. i won! my painting won. so i like to thank my mom for always encouraging me. and i like to thank my dad for buying me my first set of art pencils. and id like to thank the sixth grade class that picked me.
pam:  hey kev, guess what. i won an art contest today
kevin:  how much did you win
pam:  $100
kevin:  i won $400 bucks on the celtics game last night
pam:  cool. congratulations
kevin:  thanks, so sweet.
stanley:  ha ha ha! and you just said, “hi! hi! hi!” ha heh ha! you sounded like my niece, and shes six months old
man:  well i appreciate what you guys are saying but it, uh, makes more fiscal sense to go with one of the big guys.
dwight:  sure.
jim:  sure, thats true we cant compete with their prices. but let me ask you something. how important to you is customer service
man:  its very.
phone:  please keep holding, your call is very important to us.
dwight:  erm, thats one of the ‘big guys. been on hold this whole time.
jim:   and this is dunder-mifflin.
kelly:  dunder-mifflin customer service, this is kelly
jim:  hey, kelly, its jim.
kelly:  oh my god, jim. how are you ? i wanted to tell you … .
dwight:  here is my card. its got my cell number, my pager number, my home number, and my other pager number. i never take vacations, i never get sick, and i dont celebrate any major holidays.
man:  all right, i get it. we got a deal.
jim:  thanks
pam:  hey, angela. i got good news today too. i won an art contest
angela:  thats great pam. i like having these little moments with you. you know what? sprinkles recently had kittens
pam:  oh
angela:  i would like to offer you the dominant male. his name is ash
pam:  oh
angela:  mmm-hmm
pam:  hmm. i dont think so. but thanks. my building manager… is… you understand
angela:  well then. have a nice day.
karen:  thanks. that was fun.
phyllis:  yeah, i really enjoy spending time with you. you are a very nice person.
karen:  thank you.
phyllis:  im so glad youre with jim. he was hung up on pam for such a long time. never thought he would get over her.
karen:  thats nice.
phyllis:  you can pay me back later for the makeover
andy:  hey boss. got a minute
michael:  yes, andy
andy:  i forget, why did dwight say he was late this morning
michael:  he didnt say
andy:  thats weird. because i was just walking past his desk and i saw this, which is a tollbooth receipt from new york city, stamped really early this morning. so, why would dwight go to new york without telling anyone? do you think he went to see jan? thats not like him. is it? someone told me a story about this, with, like, laundry and betrayal. did you betray dwight and try to steal his job or something
michael:  no, you are remembering it wrong
michael:  dwight betrayed me once before. so this is his strike two. you know what they say? fool me once, strike one. but fool me twice, strike three
dwight:  i like karen. shes pretty and appears intelligent.
jim:  well, i like pretty women who have the appearance of intelligence.
dwight:  my girlfriend is also beautiful and smart. she could be a model or a college professor which is intimidating to a lot of guys.
jim:  we should go on a double date
dwight:  no thank you
jan:  dwights name is on the security sign-in sheet, but i dont know who he met with. and where it asks to state your business, he wrote “beeswax. not yours, inc.
michael:  i knew it.
andy:  oh, doggie
karen:  hey, do you want to grab a coffee
jim:  sure. look at you
karen:  yeah
jim:  beesley, coffee
pam:  no, thanks. i had some already
jim:  all right
pam:  oh, but, hey, jim
jim:  yeah
pam:  i won an art contest today
jim:  no way! all right pam. congratulations.
pam:  thanks
jim:  which one was it
pam:  i sent in one of my watercolors
jim:  cool
pam:  it was the new one i did
jim:  o
karen:  you ready jim
jim:  yeah. can i see it when i get back
pam:  yeah
jim:  congratulations
pam:  thanks
jim:  big deal.
dwight:  hey, we nailed the sale
michael:  where were you this morning
dwight:  i overslept. damn rooster didnt crow.
michael:  why do you lie, liar
dwight:  i am not a liar.
michael:  you are lying right now.
andy:  it sure seems like he is lying
dwight:  stay out of this, you
michael:  i know that you went to corporate this morning, and i know that you lied about it. and given our history, i need you tell me this instant exactly what you were doing.
dwight:  michael, i cannot tell you what i was doing there. but you have to trust me, i would never do anything to hurt you or this company.
michael:  ok, you know what? i want you to think about your future in this company. i want you to think about it long and hard
dwight:  thats what she said.
michael:  dont. dont you dare. i want to know what you were doing this morning by the end of the day
dwight:  its going to be ok
angela:  how is going to be ok, dwight? everyone will know our business
dwight:  thats not the worst thing in the world. ill just stand up in front of the office and reveal our true love. it wont be that bad. look at kelly and ryan.
angela:  i hate those two people more than anything in the entire world.
dwight:  well, i dont have a lot of choices
karen:  so, let me ask you a question
jim:  ok
karen:  did you ever have a thing for pam
jim:  pam? did i ever have a ‘thing for her? no, why? did she say something?
karen:  i moved here from connecticut…
jim:  yeah. ok, heres the … i had a crush on her before i left. and i told her about it and she didnt feel the same way. so, it didnt amount to anything, and i left. im really glad youre here. ‘kay
karen:  ‘kay
dwight:  ahem-hem-hem. may i have your attention please? this will only take a moment of your time. although i love this company more than almost anything in the world, i have decided to step down from my post and spend more time with my family. i do not fear the unknown and i will meet my new challenges head-on and i will succeed. and i will laugh in the faces of those who doubt me. it has been a pleasure working with some of you and i will not forget those of you soon but remember, while today it is me, we all shall fall. in other words, i am quitting. so… 
andy:  oompa-loompa doompity-dawesome, dwight is now gone which is totally awesome.why was he gone, he was such a nice guy?no, he was not.he was a total douche.doompity-doomp
dwight:  i would like to give the rest of my belongings to michael scott. just take them. except this.
michael:  good luck
ryan:  dwight will be missed. not by me so much, but, he will be missed
angela:  dwight, from sales, was one of the most honorable and efficient employees this company has ever had
dwight:  one of my life goals was to die right here in my desk chair. and today, that dream was shattered
jim:  hey man.
karen:  what happened on your sales call
andy:  um, am i happy the way things turned out? oh, well, happys such an ugly word. but, um, i saw what needed to be done and i did it and now im thrilled. so, its pretty…  hello? pretty good
