michael:  hello son.if youre watching this, that means im already dead.life is a road—
dwight:  how do you know its going to be a boy?
michael:  how, would you stop interrupting please?
michael:  yesterday i was scraping some gunk off my wall sockets with a metal fork and i gave myself the nastiest shock.and when i came to, i had an epiphery.life is precious.and if i die i want my son to know the dealio.the dealio of life.
michael:  here are some things that i want to teach you that your mother wont be able to.
michael:  to jump start a car, first pop the hood.then you take these bad boys and clip them anywhere on the engine.then you take these and clip them wherever.
dwight:  
michael:  number eight, learn how to take off a womans bra.
pam:  what?
michael:  we will demonstrate on pam.
pam:  no.no. 
michael:  come on.
michael:   you just twist your hand until something breaks.
dwight:  ow.
michael:  well you get the picture.thanks pam.
michael:  and remember no matter what, i will always love you.
dwight:  what if hes a murderer?
michael:  hes not going to be a murderer.
dwight:  maybe thats how you die.
michael:  you know what, dwight, do you want to do this, or no?
dwight:  i want to do this.
michael:  okay.from the top.ready?three-
dwight:  action.
michael:  hello everyone!as you know, we are six days away from phyllis wedding. so get your suits to the dry cleaner and get your hair did.and karen, um, you might want to invest in a dress or a skirt of some kind if you dont already have one.this may be phyllis only wedding ever.it is my job to ensure that none of you look like ragamuffins.so i am instituting prima nocta.
jim:  prima nocta, i believe from the movie braveheart, and confirmed on wikipedia, is when the king got to deflower every new bride on her wedding night.so…
michael:  im sorry.i had a very different understanding as to what prima nocta meant.
michael:  im trying to get everyone excited about phyllis wedding because i want her to get people excited about my wedding when the time comes.which wont be hard, because its going to be awesome.a lot better than hers, thats for sure.itll probably be on a boat.
michael:  whats up spinsters?
angela:  nothing.you know this is a luncheon shower.girls only.
michael:  no problem.the guys are having a little shindig of their own in the warehouse.from 2:30 to 3:15.it is the only time that bob was available.sort of a guys night out.a g-n-o if you will.a gah-no.actually, its more of a guys afternoon in.a g-a-i.a gay.not- not- its uh, not gay, its just a, its a bridal shower for guys.a guy shower.an hour long shower with guys.
karen:  i guess jim and i have had a little bit of a rough patch for the past couple weeks but we had some really good talks and actually now i think that were better than ever.
jim:  karen and i had a long talk last night and the night before that and uh, every night, for the last five nights.
pam:  somethings up with jim and karen.not that ive been eavesdropping.its not really any of my business, but ive gotten pretty good at reading the back of jims neck.
packer:  halpert!tall, queer, handsome as ever.hey everybody its me, jim.hello, hello.todd packer.
karen:  karen fillipelli.jims girlfriend.
packer:  shut up!
karen:  yep.
packer:  shut it!
karen:  thats rude.
packer:  either this chick is a dude or halpert got scared straight!
michael:  yes.yes!oh!there-oh! 
packer:  what happened?
michael:  oh god-
packer:  quick somebody help!help the man! 
michael:  no, no, no!
michael:  i cant believe youre not going to be there.its going to be good, its going to be a great bachelor party man.
packer:  i have a full day of sales calls.
michael:  you should get out of them.
packer:  
michael:  its the only time he can do it.2:30 to 3:15.its going to be great.were going to be doing some darts, were going to be grilling up some steaks, got some pie.going to be very delicious.
packer:  and what kind of stripper did you get?
michael:  i did not order a stripper.
packer:  you didnt order a stripper?have you ever even been to a bachelor party?
michael:  um, not personally, no.
packer:  mike, okay, a stripper is bachelor party 101.if you dont get a stripper your party is going to suck it hard.
michael:  i cant get a stripper here.sexual harassment.
packer:  just get one for the girls too.that evens it out.you know, separate but equal.
michael:  so thats what that means.
michael:  okay everybody, slight change of plans, we are still going to be having two parties but each is going to get a little extra dose of naught-ay. uh! 
dwight:  alright! uh! 
michael:  gay.
dwight:  what?
michael:  okay.co-ed naked strippers in this office.for realsies.
angela:  under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office.
meredith:  shut up angela!
pam:  hey.
jim:  hey.
pam:  ugh.
jim:  ugh.
pam:  everything okay?
jim:  oh yeah.why?
pam:  well you seem a little tired.
jim:  oh.yeah well, i guess theres been a couple late nights. karen and i have been up talking.
pam:  you should get more sleep.
jim:  yeah, i know i should.
pam:  never underestimate the power of a good nights sleep.
jim:  no, im sure youre right.
pam:  when i get eight hours, compared to like six hours, like, big difference.
jim:  really?
pam:  oh yeah.gotta get your rem cycle going with the whole sleeping.better than not.
jim:  good advice beesley.thanks.see you out there.
pam:  yeah.dont fall asleep at your desk. oh my god.
michael:  okay.we are off.ryan and i are going to go get some supplies and i need you to handle hiring the strippers.
jim:  absolutely not.
dwight:  im on it.
michael:  well get on it.and make it happen.
dwight:  ruddy cheeks, thick calves, no tats, no moles, no tats.no, tats.of course i want-
jim:  stop.thats disgusting.
dwight:  leave me alone and get the male stripper.
jim:  fine.
dwight:  i knew you would, nancy.
jim:  sally.
dwight:  no preference, what do you think redhead or brunette?
jim:  blonde.
dwight:  nice.do you have any blonde women?
michael:  
ryan:  he hasnt even said a word yet.just giggling.
michael:   gotcha, oh!  yes?
jim:  are you okay?
michael:  im in the, im in the sex shop.
jim:  ah, gotcha.okay, so they have albert einstein, ben franklin, or sponge bob squarepants.
michael:  squarepants?
jim:  yep, spongebob squarepants.
michael:  and you think thatd be sexy?
jim:  michael referred me to a male strip club called banana slings.instead, i called the scholastic speakers of pennsylvania.
ben franklin:  hold the door please!
michael:  oh.
ben franklin:  thank you.
michael:  oh.hello!
ben franklin:  hello!
michael:  you wearing a thong?
ben franklin:  what?
angela:  sparkling cider is very good.
pam:  i think thats champagne.
angela:  
michael:  hello ladies.who here is a history buff?whos a fan of buff naked?without further ado, the one, the only, the sexy mr. benjamin franklin.
ben franklin:  thank you for that introduction, mr. scott, and good afternoon fine gentlewomen of dunder mifflin.
michael:  half pants, right mr. franklin?
ben franklin:  knickers in fact, yes!
michael:  hes in his knickers.mr. franklin, i would say you are probably one of the sexiest presidents ever.
ben franklin:  well, actually, i never was president.
michael:  yes, but, ben franklin was.
ben franklin:  ah.im here to teach you a little bit about my life and the era of the founding fathers.
michael:  and when they came over on the mayflower.bow chicka bow.
meredith:  wait, this is the entertainment?
michael:  yeah, alright, so i want you to give him your undivided attention and mr. franklin, if any of these ladies misbehave i give you permission to spank them.especially that one. 
jim:  have you ever seen a stripper before?
dwight:  yes.jennifer garner portrayed one on alias.it was one of her many aliases.
jim:  yeah, me neither.
elizabeth:  hey.
jim:  hi.
elizabeth:  im elizabeth, im the dancer that was requested.
dwight:  okay, i specifically ordered a stripper.
elizabeth:  im the stripper.
dwight:  oh, okay good.well in the future please identify yourself as such.
jim:   oh god.
dwight:   is she hot?text back, “kind of.”
ben franklin:  it was a warm june evening in 1752, the night of my fateful kite flight.
karen:  mr. franklin?
ben franklin:  yes?
karen:  do you have a girlfriend?
ben franklin:  i have a lovely wife, deborah.
pam:  but dont you also have girlfriends in paris?like a lot of them?
ben franklin:  uh, well that is a grey area of my life.okay?so, it was a warm june evening.
michael:  look at that.nothing like grilling in the great outdoors.
ryan:  is this the same grill you grilled your foot on?
michael:  no.yes.
ryan:  oh gross.
michael:  but i got all the foot off of it.
pam:  okay ben franklin!
karen:  ben franklin tied a cherry stem with his mouth!
ben franklin:  well, that is because i am a renaissance man.
pam:  ben franklin, do you wear boxers, briefs, or pantaloons?
ben franklin:  well, youre very saucy!
michael:  guys, beef!its whats for dinner!who wants some man meat?
dwight:  i do!i want some man meat!
jim:  michael, dwight would like your man meat.
michael:  well then my man meat, he shall have.there you go.deliciousity.
stanley:   of course.
karen:  so i guess you have the ben franklin wig and the costume and you figure, how can i put this to practical use?
pam:  well i like to think that his dad was a ben franklin impersonator and he really pressured him into it.
karen:  hey um, i wanted to talk to you.i know this is weird or whatever, but jim told me about you guys.
pam:  what do you mean?
karen:  well that you kissed.and we talked it through and its totally fine, its not a big deal.its just a kiss.wait- youre not still interested in him?
pam:  oh yeah.
karen:  really?
pam:  oh no, i was confused by your phrasing.you should definitely go out with jim.i mean, youre going out with jim.im not going out with jim.youre dating him, which is awesome, because you guys are great together.
karen:  okay.
pam:  im not into jim.yeah.
karen:  so um, well good.
pam:  yeah.sorry.
karen:  what are you sorry about?
pam:  um, what?
karen:  what are you sorry about?
pam:  nothing.i was just thinking of something else.
kevin:  okay.the game is no limit deuce to seven lowball. lines twenty five fifty, nickels are worth ten, dimes twenty-five, and quarters fifty. nothing wild.
michael:  i call shuffle.here we go.
kevin:  michael.
michael:  ah, gentlemen, the entertainment is here.everybody id like to introduce you to elizabeth.
elizabeth:  hi guys!
michael:  nice outfit. 
elizabeth:  i hear theres an important meeting here.
roy:  im not really into strippers.you know what i find sexy?pams art.shes an artist and i appreciate that.its very moving and sexy.the art.
elizabeth:  hit it.  so wheres the groom?
michael:  hes right there.there he is.
bob vance:  absolutely not.thats all you.thats all you.
michael:  okay.alright, ill do it.yeah.lets do it.lets do this thing.yeah.what do i?
elizabeth:  just sit on down.
michael:  alright.
elizabeth:  alright.
michael:  okay.
elizabeth:  here we go.
michael:  here we go.alright!
elizabeth:  yeah!
michael:  not bad! not bad!you smell nice.like tide.
elizabeth:  mmm, whats that?
michael:  you smell like tide detergent.do you use tide detergent?ha ha ha!i have a girlfriend so…
elizabeth:  i bet shed be jealous. 
michael:  yeah she probably, yeah she would be.you know what, okay, excuse me.please stop it, stop it. turn off the music.this is wrong, this is wrong!this is wrong!i have a girlfriend.and you are engaged and im sure you have a boyfriend in prison or something so lets just clear out okay.shame on you.go back to work!
dwight:  elizabeth, i want you to sit here.when the phone rings, answer it. 
elizabeth:  you want me to answer phones with my clothes on.
dwight:  we hired you for three hours work and were going to get it.
elizabeth:  oh i love your poster.
angela:  thank you.
kevin:  
ben franklin:  you know i invented electricity.
pam:  i know.
ben franklin:  well im sensing a little electricity right here.
pam:  didnt ben franklin have syphilis?
ben franklin:  yes, but i dont.my name is gordon.
pam:  ohhh.
michael:  on one hand i want to be honest with jan and tell her the truth but on the other hand im afraid shes going to dump me.
ben franklin:  you know michael, i fathered an illegitimate son.
michael:  really.
ben franklin:  but i kept all this from my wife deborah.these things only serve to upset the women.they are the gentler sex.
michael:  well, ben franklin, youre really kind of a sleezebag.
michael:  stripper? could i ask you a question about women?um, should i tell my girlfriend that you danced up on me?
elizabeth:  secrets, secrets are no fun.secrets, secrets hurt someone.
michael:  wow.thank you.
dwight:  care for a piece of chocolate?
ben franklin:  chocolate!where did you acquire it?that is a delicacy in the amazon but it has not yet been imported to the united states.
dwight:  who is the king of austria?
ben franklin:  joseph the 2nd.
dwight:  who is the king of prussia?
ben franklin:  fredrick wilhelm the 3rd.
dwight:  who is the king of england?
ben franklin:  why the tyrant king george, of course!
dwight:  i dont care what jim says, that is not the real ben franklin.i am 99% sure.
jan:   michael, i left a meeting.what is so urgent?are you, are you okay?
michael:  not really, look i dont know how to say this so i just will.
jan:  okay.
michael:  i went to a bachelor party and things got a little out of hand.
jan:  uh when, when did, when last night?
michael:  no, today at work.
jan:  you went to a bachelor party at work?
michael:  yes. i kind of arranged it.
kelly:  well i dont even think the stripper was that hot.do you guys think she was hot?
ryan:  kelly dont do this.
kelly:  do what?i just asked you a question.
ryan:  you know what youre doing.
kelly:  anyway, do you know who was totally flirting with ben franklin?pam.
jim:  really?looks like i hired the right guy.im glad.any real potential there beesley?
pam:  yeah, right.god, i need a boyfriend.you know ryan im totally ready to be set up with one of your business school friends.whenever.
ryan:  ok.
elizabeth:  oh my god, i would get so fat if i worked here.
pam:  yeah?i lose my appetite all the time.
elizabeth:  you could strip you know.
pam:  thanks.
michael:  so you dont want to end our relationship?
jan:  im closer to firing you.
michael:  that is so sweet.you are the best gd girlfriend in the world.do you know that?
jan:  ill talk to you later.
michael:  you are.you are.
michael:  so you know who turned out to be kind of a creep?ben franklin.and elizabeth the stripper gave me great advice.which rhymed.really makes you wonder how ben franklin can become president, but someone like elizabeth cant.
dwight:  are you near sighted or far sighted?
ben franklin:  both.thats why i invented the bifocal.
dwight:  gah!!!
