jim:   hey
jim:   oh, whats this
dwight:  that is a demerit
jim:   “jim halpert, tardiness.” ugh. i love it already
dwight:  youve gotta learn, jim. you are second in command, but that does not put you above the law
jim:  oh, i understand. and i also have lots of questions, like, what does a demerit mean
dwight:   lets put it this way. you do not want to receive three of those
jim:  lay it on me
dwight:  three demerits and youll receive a citation
jim:  now that sounds serious
dwight:  oh, it is serious. five citations and youre looking at a violation. four of those and youll receive a verbal warning. keep it up, and youre looking at a written warning. two of those, thatll land you in a world of hurt… in the form of a disciplinary review written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior
jim:  which would be me
dwight:  that is correct
jim:  ok, i want a copy on my desk by the end of the day or you will receive a full disadulation
dwight:  whats a dis… whats that
jim:  oh, you dont want to know
pam:   hey, phyllis. you all right
phyllis:  i think i just got flashed
pam:  what? really
phyllis:  in the parking lot
pam:  oh, my god
dwight:   move
jim:  ok, ill call the 
andy:  what happened? what can i do to help
jim:   ok
andy:  ill check the web
jim:   thank you.  the police are on it. they say theyve already had three calls
pam:   can you tell us what happened
phyllis:  um… i was walking to the building and this man asked me for directions. and he was holding a map. and when i walked over, he had it out… on the map
angela:  phyllis. youre a married woman
creed:  the guy was just hanging brain. i mean, whats all the fuss
creed:  if thats flashing, then lock me up
pam:   its just, like, so creepy
ryan:   yeah.
michael:  whats happening
pam:  oh, some guy exposed himself to phyllis in the parking lot
michael:  really? is she ok
pam:  yeah, bob vance took her for a walk to calm down
michael:  ok.  phyllis, you say?  hmm.
angela:  what is so funny
michael:  um… i mean did he even see pam? or, uh… karen from behind
kevin:  im guessing not
michael:   im sorry. its pretty funny when you think about it
jim:  mm… not really, no
pam:  its disgusting and demeaning
michael:  oh, ok. masters of comedy. a guy dropped his pants. have you ever been to the circus?  ok.  hes back!  ok. hmm.  waagh!
toby:  hey, whats going on? theres a police car in the
michael:  what? oh.
toby:  whats going on
michael:  oh, phyllis got flashed. its, uh…
toby:  i dont think laughing about it is an appropriate response
michael:  oh, come on.we are laughing at phyllis, but shes not even here, so no harm, no foul
toby:  i dont think the women in this office 
michael:  incidentally, where were you during all of this? maybe youre the flasher
toby:  i was at a parent-teacher conference
michael:  uh-huh. prove it. lets see your penis.  i… you know, as that was coming out of my mouth, i knew that it was wrong
michael:  in all the excitement, i forgot that my primary goal is to keep people safe. women cant have fun if they dont feel safe. for example, jan and i have a safe word in case things go too far. foliage. and if one of us says that word, the other one has to stop. although last time… she pretended she didnt hear me
jan:   michael, 
michael:  huh
jan:  …come over after work tonight, ok? i miss your body
michael:  i dont know. i feel… i drive a lot. im spending a fortune on gas and tolls 
jan:  ill give you $200. and if i get up before you, ill leave it on the dresser
michael:  um, that… i dont know. that makes me kind of uncomfortable
jan:  $300
michael:  i… uh, well, i dont know
jan:  you know whatever. just let my assistant know if youre coming over so he can get more vodka, ok? hunter, are you on
hunter:   you got it, jan
dwight:  employees of this office are very small and delicate. deserveprotection from local pervs. better 1,000 innocent men are locked up than one guilty man roam free
michael:   i am sick over this thing. those people out there are clearly afraid. and that cant happen. not in my house
dwight:  agreed. let me show you what ive been working on
michael:  ok
dwight:   there are several penises there id love phyllis to run her eyes over. you know, see if we can catch this pervert
michael:  this is the last 
dwight:  look at that one
michael:  dwight, are those your pants? thats a polaroid.
michael:  attention, everybody. dwight has something he would like to say
dwight:  due to a recent incident involving phyllis, a man, a map, and his penis – i think you know what im referring to – michael has authorized me to form an emergency anti-flashing task force
jim:   question. wont that interfere with your other task forces
dwight:  answer: no, because this is being given priority one. this is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security cameras as well as install two floodlights in the parking lot. and i know… i know what youre thinking.  wont that just shed more light on the penises? but that is a risk we have to take. pam. you can draw, kind of. why dont you work withphallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that i can post around the community
pam:  phallus
dwight:  phyllis, sorry. ive got penises on the brain. back to work, everybody
pam:  i dont often miss roy. but i can tell you one thing. i wish someone had flashed me when i was with roy. because that would have been the ass-kicking of the year.  especially if it had been jim. he would not have wanted me to have seen jims… whoo, i am… i am saying a lot of things
phyllis:  i didnt really get a good look
pam:  thats ok. i dont feel like answering phones
karen:  hey, did you guys see this memo that dwight sent out?  “women will be sent home if they wear makeup or heels exceeding 1/4 inch. females are not allowed to speak to strangers unless given written authorization by dwight schrute.” this is ridiculous
dwight:  attention. i am removing all bananas from the kitchen
karen:  dwight, this memo that you distributed is insulting
dwight:  desperate times call for desperate measures
pam:   “sleeves down to the wrists, buttoned-up collars, and muted colors.” nobody dress like that.
michael:  ok, you know something, dwight? we are not the terrorists. why dont you just take these women, put em in a burlap sack, and hit em with a stick? because thats what youre doing. i celebrate these women. they deserve the right to dress as they please. if pam wants to show more cleavage, she should be able to. i encourage that
karen:  look, its really simple. we just want you guys to treat us with respect
michael:  see? thats what were talking about. did you hear that, dwight
dwight:  yes. did you hear that, michael
michael:  no, dwight. respect. r-e-s-p-svee-t. find out what it means to me. all right, you know what? thats it. conference room, five minutes. womens appreciation
jim:  wait a second, how are you qualified for that
michael:  oh, i dont know, james. did i come from a woman? have i slept with a woman? more than one
dwight:   mm, less than three
michael:  that is not current
dwight:  you know what? why doesnt oscar run the meeting? hes a homosexual
jim:  why dont you run the meeting? you play with dolls
dwight:  those are collectible action figures and theyre worth more than your car
michael:  you know what? i am the expert. i will conduct it. i know the crap out of women
michael:  i, um… would like to apologize for all of the men who thought this was a laughing matter
creed:  are we still discussing this? i say again, what is the big deal
michael:  nobody likes to be flashed. when meredith flashed me at that christmas party, i nearly vomited
meredith:  i dont remember doing that
angela:  what a surprise
michael:  ok, no catfights. please. lets – my point is… my point is… a penis, when seen in the right context, is the most wonderful sight for a woman. but in the wrong context, it is like a monster movie
dwight:  
michael:  what are…? shut it. shut. up. ok, so what i want to engage us in today is a hardcore discussion about womens problems and issues and situations. magazines and tv shows and movies portray women as skinny, tall goddesses. well, look around. are women like that? no. no, they are not.  even the hot ones arent really that skinny. so what does that say? that says that you women are up against it. and it is criminal. society doesnt care. society sucks. i dont even consider myself a part of society. fyi. because i am so angry over all of this
andy:  if it were up to me, you ladies would be the fashion models
kevin:  yes, andy. then the fashion models could come here and work with me
karen:  what youre saying is extremely misogynistic
michael:  yes. thank you. that was not necessary, but i appreciated it. and i proves my point. women can do anything
karen:  im saying that youre being sexist
michael:  no. im being misogynistic. that is insane. i am not being sexist
karen:  that – its the same thing
phyllis:  michael
michael:  yes
phyllis:  when i got my hair cut short, you asked me if i was a lesbian
michael:  because wha… that was one possible explanation as to why you got that haircut
angela:  and when we get mad, you always ask us if were on our periods
michael:  i have to know whether youre serious or not
dwight:  i wish i could menstruate
dwight:  if i could menstruate, i wouldnt have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. id just be able to count down from my previous cycle. plus, id be more in tune with the moon and the tides
karen:  can we just get back to work
michael:  ye – ok, yes
angela:  this is not work talk
michael:  youre right. youre right, youre right. and you know why? its because of where we are. this is a masculine environment. we need to find a place where you feel comfortable. you know where were gonna go? the steamtown mall.
karen:  frankly, its kind of insulting. but i have a bunch of stuff i need to return in my car. so… i could do that
angela:  malls are just awful and humiliating. theyre just store after store of these horrible salespeople making a big fuss out of an adult shopping in a juniors section. there are petite adults who are sort of… smaller who need to wear… maybe a kids size 10
michael:  ok, lets go, ladies of dunder-mifflin. hey, we should have a calendar printed up. pam, put that in my good idea folder.  lets go
dwight:  have you finished with the sketch
pam:  yeah
dwight:  hmm, doesnt seem like the type
pam:  uh, phyllis got a good look
dwight:  hmm
dwight:   i plan on plastering this perverts face everywhere. you can run, but you cannot hide
pam:   oh
angela:  meredith, slow down! were not gonna get there any faster if were dead
meredith:  thanks. i know how to drive.
pam:  oh, yeah. you really shouldnt litter
meredith:  my car, my rules
kevin:  hey, jim. you wanna go in the womens bathroom
jim:  no. thank you, though
kevin:  you arent curious
jim:  not really. ive seen a bathroom before
kevin:  yeah, but… its every guys fantasy
jim:  i think you mean a girls 
kevin:   yeah. im going in
jim:  go crazy
kevin:   oh… my… god
andy:  i really appreciate your letting me work alongside you so closely today
dwight:  of course you do, moon face. thats because youre a preppy freak, youre the office pariah, and nobody likes you. so start hanging these all around the building
andy:  this guy looks like a real deviant
dwight:  no, duh. thats why we gotta catch him. start hanging those
andy:  aye, aye, capn
dwight:  more like, “aye, aye, general.
michael:   i dont think shes gonna make it. dont think shes gonna make it –
meredith:  its a little too tight. im gonna find another spot
michael:  many women 
dwight:   this is what we 
jim:   well, i stand corrected. this is pretty cool
kevin:  yes
toby:  hey, uh… whered you decide to take karen tonight
jim:  anna marias
ryan:  whats the occasion
jim:  six-month anniversary. what
ryan:  nothing – i think, uh, we all kinda thought you guys were just, like, hooking up
jim:  no, weve been dating for six months
ryan:  uh, she might mention an email that i wrote a while back, um 
jim:  oh, right. i remember that one. she read it to me. she said shes not really ready to date somebody in the office, but she really likes you as a friend
ryan:  i figured. its cool. i dont – i wouldnt want to be in an office relationship anyway
michael:  all right. hope nobodys on a diet
kelly:  thanks, michael
angela:  thank you, michael
michael:  youre welcome. youre welcome, youre welcome. ok. so, lets dish
pam:  what do you want to dish about
michael:  anything you guys want. this is your time.  mm. what is a pap smear? or is it “shmear?” like the cream cheese
pam:  ok. new topic. kelly, how are things with ryan
kelly:  awesome. um, awful, i mean. but, uh, sometimes awesome
michael:  what, um… what do you think of role-play
phyllis:  oh, it can be fun
michael:  yeah? well, jan has this schoolgirl fantasy
karen:  its a pretty common one
michael:  i just… i feel uncomfortable wearing the dress
angela:  ok. im gonna be at the doll store
angela:  sometimes, the clothes at gapkids are just too flashy. so im forced to go to the american girl store and order clothes for large colonial dolls
pam:  michael, you shouldnt do anything that youre uncomfortable with
michael:  jan says anything that doesnt scare us is not worth doing. i dont know. maybe were different people. i like cuddling and spooning and she likes videotaping us during sex
pam:  oh, my god
michael:   and then watching it back right afterward to improve my form
karen:  that is not healthy behavior
michael:  no, its not that bad. the worst part is that she shows it to her therapist and they discuss it
pam:  michael, you need to get out of this
michael:  no, shes… shes fooling around. its a woman thing
pam:  no, normal women dont do stuff like that. this is bad. 
michael:  no… no, its all right. im ok. im ok.  you guys… what are we gonna do about jan?
pam:  read the pros first
michael:  ok. jan is smart. uh, successful. good clothes. hot. perfect skin. nice butt
phyllis:  she does have very nice clothes
karen:  ok, ok. um, cons
michael:  cons. wears too much makeup. breasts: not anything to write home about. insecure about body. im unhappy when im with her. flat-chested
pam:  what was the last one
michael:  shes totally flat. shrunken chesticles
phyllis:  no, the one before that
michael:  im unhappy when im with her
pam:  michael… you shouldnt be with someone who doesnt make you happy
michael:  im happy sometimes. um… when we scrapbook or right towards the end of having sex
karen:  look, most relationships have their rough patches. you just have to push through it sometimes
michael:  yeah, thats smart
pam:  maybe. but it sounds like youre just wrong for each other
michael:  that sounds good too. i dont know whos right. i just dont – i dont know. i dont know
phyllis:  i bet you know. dont think, just answer. what do you want to do about jan
michael:  i wanna break up with jan. wow. i wanna break up with jan
phyllis:  my mom taught me that
michael:  wow, i cannot believe this yogurt has no calories
pam:  no one said it has no calories
michael:  oh, hey, guys. i want to do something nice for you, because you did something so nice for me earlier. i want you to go in there. i want you to buy one item on me as a thank-you.  come on. get in here
michael:  lets face it, most guys are from the dark ages. theyre caveman. and they like a woman to be showing her cleavage and to be wearing 8-inch heels, and to be wearing, um, see-through underpants. but… for me, a woman looks best when she is just absolutely naked
kevin:   this is so great, huh? we should do this much more often
toby:  i-i think we hang out an appropriate amount of time
creed:  what are you doing in here? this is the womens room
kevin:  youre in here
creed:  i pay for that privilege.
kevin:   ok
creed:   im a pretty normal guy. i do one weird thing. i like to go in the womens room for number two. ive been caught several times and i have paid dearly
michael:  mm. you dont want anything? my treat. some panties or… pick a thong or… g-string. t-back. get a nice bra. padded bra. see-through, push-up, lace? thigh-high? bustier? any – it just – you know what, i would love to buy you a fresh set of underwear
karen:  phyllis. what do you think? too much
phyllis:  jims gonna love it.
pam:  im kind of in-between boyfriends right now. so i dont need anything sexy. but i do need some new hand towels. i figure i can cut up this robe
angela:   slower. slower. meredith.  slow it up
michael:  oh. oh, no. its jan. what do i do
karen:  answer it
pam:  dont answer it
michael:  ok, it stopped
kelly:   whoa.
meredith:   crap
jim:   that is pretty cool
kelly:  michael, you know how to, um -change a wheel, right
michael:  uh, yeah. yep. um… could somebody grab me the lever, and i will
pam:  here, uh… meredith? why dont you put your hazards on
michael:  yeah, get your hazards on for safety. lets see.  there we go!  good. yes, we have the… all right.
pam:  i think ive got it
michael:  do you have a… a crescent? a crescent allan
pam:  i dont think we really need that, michael
michael:  uh… you know what? im going to… you take care of that. im gonna do traffic… detail
pam:  you know, i changed a tire today. all by myself. this bathrobes already coming in handy.  coming
andy:  think well find him
dwight:  yeah, i do. ‘cause justice never rests
andy:   halvsies
dwight:  no. wholesies.
andy:  listen, man, i really appreciate you letting me shadow you today. i feel like i learned a lot
dwight:  natch.
andy:  yep. if you dont mind, i think ill hang some of these posters around my neighborhood. schools, post office, et cetera
dwight:  you know, i may have underestimated you. youre not a total ass.
michael:  ok, i am really going to do this
pam:  good luck, michael.
michael:  you know what? i need my girls with me. pam, karen, even phyllis. come on. lets do this. lets do it.
karen:  ok, remember, be strong
michael:  i love you guys.now im getting her voicemail
pam:  dont leave a 
michael:   hey, jan. its me, michael. im just calling to say that i think we need a little break, permanently. and, uh, i know everybody says this, but i-i wanna remain friends. or at least business associates who get along. oh, just so you know, its not me, its you.  ok, buddy. somebody just walked in. i have to go. um, so ill talk to you later
jan:  michael…  i was, um… i was really unhappy with our conversation earlier. and i… i just – i couldnt stop thinking about it. so i decided that i would drive down here and apologize to you in person. so…  im sorry
michael:  thank you
jan:  so… were good
michael:  abso-fruit-ly.
jan:   oh. hold on, im sorry
michael:  no… no
jan:  one second. oh! its from you. uh, you wanna grab some dinner
michael:  yeah
jan:  ok.  “its me, michael. im just calling to say that i think we need a little break, permanently. and, uh, i know everybody says this, but i want…
michael:  maybe some italian.  “… to remain friends. or at least business associates -”  chinese?  “who get along. oh, just so you know, its not me, its you. ok, buddy.
jan:  oh.
michael:   any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. because they are un-understandable. theres a wishing fountain at the mall. and i threw a coin in for every woman in the world and made a wish. i wished for jan to get over me. i wished for phyllis, a plasma tv. i wished for pam to gain courage. i wished for angela, a heart, and for kelly, a brain. “michael, how can you appreciate women so much but also dump one of them?” you mean, how can i be so illogical and flighty and unpredictable and emotional? well, maybe i learned something from women after all
dwight:   dunder-mifflin paper/sex predator hotline, this is dwight schrute
jim:  hey, dwight. its jim
dwight:  jim, what are you doing? im busy
jim:  no, youre not. im looking right at you
dwight:  ugh. im hanging up
jim:  dont.  i have information about the sex predator
dwight:  you have information about the sex predator
jim:  i saw him two minutes ago
dwight:  where
jim:  in the womens bathroom, above the sink
dwight:   anti-flashing task force! above the sink. above the sink. hmm.  pam
jan:  so how are you liking the wall street journal subscription
michael: love it
jan: are you reading it everyday, like we decided you would
michael:  uh, yes, i am
jan: good, good, its the best business reporting isnt it
michael:  uh, yeah, its okay. its just, i dont think the cartoons are very funny
jan: wait, wait, what cartoons
michael: the a cartoon that goes with each article.this one says mel karmazin?i dont, i dont know. i guess i get it
jan: 
michael: we should really start recycling
jan: right uh, michael
kelly: hey, whats going on
stanley: phyllis got flashed in the parking lot
kelly: 
stanley: okay, you need to stop that right now
bob: phyllis, you okay? you sure
andy: hey good lookin, what ya got cookin
dwight: i got nothing cooking, its cooked.its borscht and its served cold
andy: hey listen, im sure everyones already told you but, your presentation out there, was pretty inspiring stuff. must be nice being a woman around here, knowing they have a protector in you
dwight: if you are trying to kiss my ass, i would not suggest it.believe me, you do not want to kiss this ass.
andy: borscht, according to dwight its best served cold.you know what else is best served cold?yeah, gazpacho.you see what im doing?i am establishing a mutual love of cold soups.this is the first step in my plan to win dwights trust.
andy: i should make you my vichyssoise
dwight: i will never be your vichyssoise
michael: orgasms, why can women have them? yep
jim: no. im not a lawyer, but i dont think this is the place to do this.
michael: sometimes i imagine what it would be like to be a woman.i have a full-length mirror in my bathroom, and before i get dressed i will tuck myself between my legs just to see.and, um, its uncomfortable.so maybe i do understand
kelly:   were going to the mall.bye ryan, bye
dwight: lets go, fall out, lets go.move, move, move, move, move.
michael: i got shotgun.damn it
andy: let me be clear.theres only one thing thats important to me, and its not friendship.its dominance, and i think i know a thing or two about dominating.okay, i lived with a dominatrix for three years in stamford.mistress lila.taught me more than any college professor i ever had, while attending cornell, which is where i went to school
michael: look at that! come on! free underwear!
pam: it is totally inappropriate, but on the other hand…
michael: hey, pam, how bout something like that for you.could sort of cover up any imperfections in the mid section.just show off the twins a little bit
jim: thats pretty cool
andy: you can make people believe anything.today i made dwight believe i like cold soups.why?i dont know.i dont have to know.thats what makes me so dangerous
michael: idiot
michael: i learned a lot about women today.and any man who says he totally understands women is a fool.because they are un-understandable.jan and i broke up. why?because she didnt like one message i left on her voicemail?but that is her peariagative.i thought i understood women, but maybe, cant believe im gonna say this, maybe, women dont understand themselves
