michael:   david
david:   oh, michael
michael:  are we all set?
david:  isnt our interview tomorrow?
michael:  yes. i just happened to be in the neighborhood, thought id drop in and say hello.
david:  you happened to be in mid-town mahattan?
michael:  thought id catch a show.
david:  in the middle of a work day?
michael:  naaah. you know what? since im here, let me ask you a few questions about the job.
david:  okay.
michael:  um, how many people are you interviewing?
david:  were only interviewing the branch managers and some other upper level company people.
michael:  ah, well, good. out of curiosity are you interviewing anyone who has been here longer than i have, or manages more people
david:  i dont think so.
michael:  great. one more… question. when you merged those branches who did you put in charge?
david:  i believe we put you in charge.
michael:  ah, great. no further questions.
david:  okay, michael.
michael:  okay.
david:  im really looking forward to our interview.
michael:  and im really looking forward to working with you
michael:  i got it made in the shade. i know this company. the other branch managers are total morons.  hey, pam yeah, i forgot what day the interview was and i drove to new york accidentially. ill be like three hours late
kevin:   hey.
jim:  hey, kev
kevin:  whats different about you? you look worse.
jim:  thank you.
meredith:  you got a haircut. its sexy, hot.
jim:  ohhh
meredith:  turn around.
jim:  no.
meredith:  yes.
jim:  no way
meredith:  do it!
andy:  blup-dup-do. whats up, big haircut? you are no longer big tuna. from henceforth, you shall be known as big haircut.
jim:   andy
andy:  what is it, big haircut?
jim:  nothing.
andy:  sorry, i cant hear you big haircut
jim:  yup.
andy:  what
jim:  karen suggested that i get a haircut for the interview tomorrow so that i could look presentable and not, as she so lovingly puts it, homeless
pam:  hey. i think it looks great.
jim:  thanks, pam
pam:  after i had my little outburst at the beach, jim was really nice about it. he just basically said that he missed my friendship too and i would always mean a lot to him and i understand where hes coming from.for the record, i am not embarassed at all. it needed to be said, and i said it, and it only took me three years to summons the courage, so  thank you
michael:   yeah.
dwight:  you wanted to see me?
michael:  yes, the time has come to name my own replacement. so please hand this letter of congratulations to dwight k. schrute.
dwight:  but thats my name.  dwight, congratuations a-wipe.dont screw the pooch. thank you.
michael:  okay. uh
dwight:   thank you, michael.
michael:  uh, okay.
dwight:   thank you so much.
michael:  stop crying
dwight:   thank you
michael:  ohhhhh
pam:  hey.
karen:  hey.
pam:  um, about the beach
karen:  its okay, we all say things without thinking.
pam:  oh, no its not that, ive actually been thinking that for a long time, and im glad i said it. i just… im sorry if it made you feel weird.
karen:   oh. okay
karen:  pam is… kind of a bitch
karen:  hey, what if we leave tonight? grab a bite, get a hotel room, enjoy the city a little bit.
jim:  ahhh… just have so much paperwork to do.  wow. done. okay, lets do it
jim:  so i was wondering if karen and i could get off a few hours early cause we want to spend the night in the city.
michael:  why so you can do it?
karen: 
jim:  whoops
michael:  no, um, well i was thinking that uh, actually we could all leave tomorrow and do a convoy you know?convoys are really fun.pull up next to each other, give each other the finger…
jim:  hmmm
karen:  heh
michael:  moon each other.
jim:  ah, were gonna go tonight, but were gonna see you there tomorrow morning, right?
michael:  all right
jim:  all right.
michael:  your loss
karen:  wait, how would you moon us if you were driving?
michael:  cruise control.
karen:  oh
kevin:  so jim, who do you think is hotter? pam or karen
jim:  yeah, im not going to talk about this now.
kevin:  pam is taller.
jim:  you sure
kevin:  yes. she has bigger breasts, too.
jim:  wow.
kevin:  i think karen has a prettier face.
jim:  uh, hmm.  uh, hmm. what else?
kevin:  well i mean pams face is really pretty too. its a very tough call.
jim:  hm. really tough call
kevin:  yeah
jim:  you know what? why dont you take the rest of the day, figure it out and then come back and tell me what you got.
kevin:  will do.
jim:  all right.
oscar:  hey, pam ive been meaning to say something to you.i really miss our friendship.
pam:  wow, very funny.
stanley:  ive never heard you talk that much. i thought it was kelly.
kelly:  are you kidding? i would have never done that. it was pathetic-ville. no offense, pam.
pam: 
meredith:  you know what? dont even worry about it. everyone was so drunk, i bet no one even remembers what you said.
creed:  i remember. i blogged the whole thing
creed:  www.creedthoughts.gov.www/creedthoughts. check it out
ryan:  last year creed asked me how to set up a blog. wanting to protect the world from being exposed to creeds brain i opened up a word document on his computer and put an address at the top. ive read some of it. even for the intranet its… pretty shocking
michael:  there they are, the accounting department. i shall miss your humility and your promptly printed checks.
kevin:  do you think its gonna to be weird working with jan in new york?
michael:  no. not at all. i havent talked to jan since we broke up, and i think if she had something to say she would have called me.
oscar:  maybe you should talk to her? before
michael:  no, no, no. you know what? its a done deal. i basically have the job already. theres nothing she can do to stop it now. i already sold my condo
oscar:  michael
kevin:  what
angela:  why?
oscar:  im sorry, that just doesnt make sense.
michael:  yes, i
angela:  wha? who gave you that advice?
kevin:  yeah, michael you should never sell your condo
michael:  i have to buy another place
angela:  but you said you were in debt.
oscar:  youre not sure that you have the job.
michael:  i sold it on ebay. the buyer was very motivated, as was i. it went for eighty percent of what i paid.sold in record time
dwight:  how would you like to spend the night with the regional manager of dunder-mifflin, scranton
angela:  no dwight, i dont care if that is how they consolidated power in ancient rome.
dwight:  no, no, not michael.  me. im taking his job.
angela:   not now.  goodbye, kelly kapoor
dwight:   jim, jim, jim.jim, jim, jim, jim, jim, jim, jim.
jim:  oh hey, dwight.
dwight:  i am gonna be your new boss.  its my greatest dream come true.welcome to the hotel hell.check in time is now.check out time is never.
jim:  does my room have cable?
dwight:  no. and the sheets are made of fire.
jim:  can i change rooms?
dwight:  sorry, were all booked up. hell convention in town.
jim:  can i have a late checkout?
dwight:  ill have to talk to the manager.
jim:  youre not the manager even in your own fantasy?
dwight:  im the owner.the co-owner. with satan
jim:  okay, just so i understand it, in your wildest fantasy you are in hell and you are co-running a bed and breakfast with the devil?
dwight:  yeah, but i havent told you my salary yet.
jim:  go.
dwight:  eighty thousand dollars a year
dwight:  once im officially regional manager my first order of business will be to demote jim halpert. so i will need a new number two.my ideal choice? jack bauer. but he is unavailable. fictional. and overqualified
andy:   i will see you at the inter-view.
dwight:  yes you will
michael:  who is d. abramson?
pam:  hes from that company in pitts
jan:   michael.
michael:  why… are you here
jan:  uh, how are you?
michael:  im good. how are you, janet? its good to see you
jan:  im great. uh, can we, can we talk… privately… for a minute
michael:  why privately
jan:  i just,  i uh… i dont uh… i, i dont, i dont like the way that we left things.
michael:  okay, sure, fine. um, why dont you wait in my office. i have some important business matters to take care of.
jan:  okay
michael:  okay
michael:  pam, defcon ten. houston, we have a problem.
pam:  what do you want me to do?
michael:  uh, i may need some immediate assistance. if you would slowly and quietly gather the ladies in the conference room. phyllis, angela, karen.
pam:  what about meredith
michael:  no. shes an alternate
michael:  so, how you been?
jan:  been good.
michael:  good.
jan:  good.
michael:  yeah.
jan:  sorry to drop by unexpectedly. i uh, i tried calling, but i kept getting voice mail.
michael:  weird. yeah, i didnt get both of your messages
pam:  so, um, michael needs us in the conference room.
karen:  ‘cause of jan again?
karen:  hey, uh, before i leave tonight, would you mind making a half a dozen copies of jims and my sales reports for our interviews tomorrow?
pam:  uh, sure.
karen:  thanks.
pam:  i really hope you get the job.
karen:  thanks.
jan:  after you ended… everything with us, i went on a vacation.
michael:  hmm
jan:  to kinda clear my mind.
michael:  sound good. sounds fun.
jan:  it was.yeah, it was good.  i think ill just get right to the point, you know?um, i, i feel good about myself for the first time in a really long time.
michael:  hmm.
jan:  ive made some big changes in my life and… i miss you. i want us to get back together.
michael:  would you excuse me for a second?
jan:  ohh…
michael:  defcon twenty.she wants to get back together.
phyllis:  what are you gonna do?
michael:  i dont know, thats why youre here, help me. please
karen:  do you want to get back together with her?
michael:  no, no. what do i do?
pam:  just dont get back together with her.
michael:  what if she makes me
angela:  how can she make you get back together with her?
michael:  she made me do a lot of things i didnt wanna do.
pam:  this was a terrible relationship. you were not happy when you were with her.
michael:  i wasnt.
pam:  youre so much happier now. just go in there and be strong.
michael:  youre right. youre absolutely right. im gonna go in there and tell her that we cant be together.
pam:  right.
michael:  wow.
karen:  do it.
michael:  im in a very good place right now. thank you
michael:   okay.  jan, we need to talk.
michael:  jan is in a different place right now, and it is a sign of maturity to give people second chances. so i am going to hear her out
pam:  oh my god.  
jim:  yeah, bigger actually
pam:   thats crazy
jim:  mm-hm
pam:   wow
karen:   oh my god.can you believe that
jim:  unbelievable
karen:  wow
jim:  she could put the cup right there
karen:  i know
pam:  no, its fine.im sure it must have been weird for jim when roy and i were joking around… that 
meredith:  i would never do that.waste of money.in my experience, guys are way more attracted to the back of you than the front
kevin:  i love fake boobs.often times, you find them on strippers
creed:  i find it offensive.au natural, baby.thats how i like em.swing low, sweet chariots
jan:  so…  there are a lot of things that i would like to do differently
michael:  yeah
jan:  i feel like, when we first got together, that i had a problem with my priorities
michael:  first got priorities
jan:  and if we could talk about a way to approach a possible reconciliation
michael:  lets get back together.
michael:  no.no, no, no, no.ill tell you this, it is 
dwight:  okay, everyone, listen up! time to begin the interview process! andrew bernard
andy:  saving the best for first
karen:  all right, you guys.see you later, wish us luck
dwight:  no! hey, hey, hey, hey!do not wish them luck.do not wish them luck.all luck must be wished unto michael
oscar:  good luck, you guys!
dwight:  what did i say!
pam:   good luck
jim:  thanks
pam:  im happy for him.i hope he gets the job.i really just want him to be happy.and i know that sounds cliche.and i know saying it sounds cliche, sounds cliche…maybe im being cliche.i dont care.cause i am what i am.  thats popeye
dwight:  i am going to begin this process with a simple test of intelligence and mental dexterity.what is the best color
andy:  white, because it contains all other colors
dwight:  wrong.black.it is the most dominant.how do you make a table
andy:  you make a chair, but you dont sit on it
dwight:  what is the capital of maine
andy:  the capital of maine is montpelier, vermont, which is near ithaca, new york, where i went to cornell
dwight:  okay, also, moratorium on cornell talk.dont wanna hear about it.forget your personal history, and learn the history of this company
andy:  should not be a problem. i minored in history in the ivy league school which i attended.
dwight:  youre not off to a very good start, bernard.
andy:  i agree. but in another way, i am off to a very good start, wouldnt you say
andy:  i am a great interviewee. why? because i have something no one else has: my brain. which i use to my advantage, when advantageous
dwight:   time! no, you failed.
andy:  damn it!
dwight:  this interview is over. ill let you know
karen:   hey, thank you so much for driving me down for my interview.
jim:  totally, no problem.what are you interviewing for, by the way, my assistant? or
karen:  oh, you know im gonna have a congratulations karen party um, tomorrow night at my friends house
jim:  oh wow, that sounds like fun. is your friend named karen too?what did she accomplish?
karen:  no, im sorry i should have been clearer. its for me
jim:  oh…
karen:  ‘cause im going to get the job
michael:   remarkable
jan:  thanks.
michael:  wait, wait. check one more time.
jan:  oh, okay.
michael:  very good
jan:  well, i um, i have to get back, but i will see you in new york tomorrow, right?
michael:  yes, indeed.
jan:  good luck with your interview.  bye
michael:  so, i guess were getting back together.
pam:  what happened?
michael:  your advice was good, but jans was bigger
michael:  heres the sitch. two weeks ago, i was in the worst relationship of my life.she treated me poorly.we didnt connect, i was miserable. now, im in the best relationship of my life with the same woman.love is a mystery
karen:  so we have all night.where do you want to go first?
jim:  oh, i dunno, how about the u.n.
karen:  how often do you come here?
jim:  um, everytime my sixth grade class has a field trip.
karen:  i think youll really enjoy this, adult jim
michael:  hey, everybody.the next time you see me, ill be working for corporate. starting tomorrow, dwight schrute will be running the branch. so without further ado, i would like to start saying my goodbyes  okay. goodnight, and good luck
dwight:   whos ready to work
jim:   yeah, we went to the spotted pig for dinner. its in the village. uh, karen knew it. and then we second acted spamalot. thats when you sneak in at intermission with all the smokers. and then we went to a bar that used to be a church. oh and at this one bar, i swear i saw lorne michaels.
karen:  that wasnt him.
karen:  so whats going to happen to us when i get this job?
jim:  oh do you mean when i get the job?
karen:  well, 
jim:  you mean kevin
karen:  exactly.but you get it, right? cant stay there.
jim:  yeah, i do. cmon.
michael:   how are you guys doing?need anything
karen:  uh, no, were good.thanks
michael:  i have been here a bunch of times, so i know where everything is, know everybodys names.if you need to know somebodys name, just ask me
jim:   whos that
michael:  
jim:  beardy
michael:  mm-hmm
jim:  im gonna introduce myself
michael:  no, no, no, just… thats not his real name.thats just what i call him, so
michael:  i am by far the most qualified person theyre interviewing.jim and karen are here, which is cute.theyre like, kid actors tagging along with daddy, on the big audition, hoping to be discovered.except daddy… is the best actor around.daddy is meryl streep
dwight:  michael is gone
andy:  hail to the chief
dwight:  my first order of business: make andrew bernard my number two
andy:  my first order of business: accept
dwight:  as if you had a choice.  duh.  opportunity of a lifetime.
andy:  three months ago, i was nowhere.i was just a cornell grad, in anger management.look where i am now.not bad.
michael: hey!hunter!whas up my brutha?this is hunter, secretary extraordinaire
hunter:  uh, administrative assistant
michael:  jan in yet
hunter:  i think shes comin in… later
michael:  could you give her a message for me, when she gets in
hunter:  sure.
michael:  just say, “i want to squeeze them.”its code.shell know what it means
hunter:  okay
michael:  oh, and hunter?could you tell her,  “brbrbrbrbr!” also
dwight:  you showed great leadership potential at the coal walk.even if you did follow it with that embarrassing personal confession
pam:  thank you
dwight:  i had to make andy my number two.its political, complicated, you wouldnt understand.i want you… to be assistant regional manager
pam:  really
dwight:  well, in a sense.although, publicly i am going to retain the assistant regional manager position
pam:  you will be your own assistant
dwight:  correct, i need someone i can trust.but i would also like the title… to be secretly applied to you.just stripped of its pomp and frills
pam:  okay.so… you would be the regional manager, 
dwight:  mmmmmm, lets call it secret assistant 
pam:  mm-hmm
dwight:  do you accept
pam:  absolutely, i do
pam:  i learned from jim, if dwight ever asks you to accept something secret… you reply, “absolutely, i do.
michael:   hello, hello
david:  michael, good to see you
michael:  good to see you.here are the post-merger performance stats that you asked for
david:  oh, great.ive been meaning to thank you by the way.you didnt lose a single customer during the merger, and you still managed to trim the budget?that is nice work.  so, let me ask you a question right off the bat.what do you think are your greatest strengths as a manager
michael:  why dont i tell you what my greatest weaknesses are?i work too hard.i care too much.and sometimes i can be too invested in my job
david:  okay.and your strengths
michael:  well, my weaknesses are actually… strengths
david: oh.yes.very good
michael:  thank you
david:  very good
phyllis:  dwight is our new boss
oscar:  oh, michaels not going anywhere
pam:  then who do you think will get the job
kevin:  karen.she looks corporate.those little pants suits
phyllis:  i think its gonna be michael
oscar:  do you really think hes qualified for that job
phyllis:  no, but he wasnt qualified for the job he has now, and he got that one
oscar:   mm.yeah
dwight:  listen up!come to the center of the room, please.this…  is a schrute buck.when you have done something good, you will receive one schrute buck.one thousand schrute bucks… equals an extra five minutes for lunch
pam:   what is the cash value of a schrute buck
dwight:  excellent question, pam.1/100th of a cent
oscar:  so ten 
dwight:  just… zip your lid!another announcement.michael wasted an enormous amount of the groups time and patience with non-work related ethnic celebrations and parades of soft-minded dogoodedness.no longer.no more meetings
stanley:  amen
dwight:  instead, today i will begin my first lecture in a long series of lectures designed to increase your knowledge on the world of paper
kevin:   do we have to
dwight:  yes!michael is gone.theres a new sheriff here in these offices, and his name is “me.”conference room!ten seconds!all of you
pam:  i literally cannot wait to see what dwight has planned.and i wish jim were here
david:  what do you think we could be doing better
michael:  ive never been a big fan of the name dunder mifflin.i was thinking we could name the company something like, “paper great.where great paper is our passion.were grrrrrrrrrreat!”i dont know, could be good.or, uh, “super duper paper.its super duper.”i dont know, something like that
david:  okay
michael:  okay
david:  thanks for comin in, michael
michael:  thank you
david:  it is always a treat when our paths cross
michael:  it is always a treat when 
david:  youre back together
michael:  yes.and i am very excited about the prospect of working under her… or on top of her.  mm, thats not sexual, just… were all professionals
david:  okay, uh.well, i thought it was clear in the description, the position… the job youre applying for… is jans job
michael:  i dont understand. so, were gonna tag team it
david:  no, were letting jan go
dwight:  listen up.lets start… from the ground 
kevin:   trees
dwight:  trees!and where do trees grow
kevin:   forest
dwight:  soil. right.we have, in front of you here, seven different types of pennsylvania top soil.now, what would you say… is the most important element in the production of above ground leafy growth?probably phosphorus, right? wrong!its nitrogen!absorb this information.good!now, let us discuss precipitation.stanley!when rainfall occurs, does it usually fall in a liquid, solid, or gaseous… state
stanley:  liquid
dwight:  very good!you have earned one schrute buck
stanley:  i dont want it
dwight:  then you have been deducted 50 schrute bucks
stanley:  make it 100
dwight:  we— dont you wanna earn schrute bucks
stanley:  no.in fact, ill give you a billion stanley nickels if you never talk to me again
dwight:  whats the ratio of stanley nickels to schrute bucks
stanley:  the same as the ratio of unicorns to leprechauns
dwight:  okay
andy:  thats it
dwight:  what
andy:  class is canceled, everybody out
dwight:  no wait, what are you doing?
andy:  im punishing them
dwight:  no, no, no, wait!class is not canceled
everyone: 
pam:  hey!come on!lets listen to dwights presentation!
oscar:  what— what are you winking for
dwight:  zip your lid
karen:  so, thats… my basic 5 year plan.and after that, who knows?
david:  okay.uh, now, this may seem like an odd question, but
karen:  yeah
david:  …what do you think about michael scott
karen:  hes a very nice man.and hes very well suited for the job he has now
david:  this is off the record
karen:  he would be disaster
jan:  hey you
michael:  hey
jan:  how was your interview
michael:  pretty good
jan:  yeah
michael:  could have gone better i guess
jan:  oh.  ill put in a good word for you
michael:  cool.maybe you should do it sooner rather than later
jan:  what
michael:  daaah, lets just run away together.lets just run away to jamaica and live in a bungalow.you have some savings right?you could pay off my debts.it would… be fine.wed have fun.
jan:  whats… whats the matter?what… what happened in there
michael:  i cant tell you
jan:  tell me what
jan:  you son of a bitch
david:  jan, this isnt the time, were in an interview
jan:  youre 
david:  frankly, its overdue.your behavior in the last two years has been completely erratic
jan:  erratic
david:  recently, you dont even show an interest in your work!you smoke constantly in your office.you spend most of the day online shopping.you disappear for hours at a time, sometimes days.always saying youre visiting your sister in scottsdale.you go to scranton far more often than you used to
jan:   is it because of these
michael:  wuuuoooh, hey, whoa, jan
jan:  no, i wanna know.i wanna know!because if it is, then, then, then i will see you in court
david:  its not
jan:  no
david:  its not
jan:  ‘cause he likes them.  okay? he likes them. and, and that is, that is all i care about
david:  the time has come for you to end your professional relationship with this company.you are clearly unstable
michael:  hey!
jan:  yeah
michael:  no— were all unstable
jan:  okay, you know what?im just not leaving.im not leaving.not leaving
michael:  david, i did not tell her
andy:  its like staring into my soul, when i look at this wall
dwight:  its like outerspace without the stars, its so black.
andy:  this is gonna look so awesome
dwight:  its so intimidating!anyone who comes in here… is gonna have to take me seriously.abandon all hope, ye who enter here
andy:   totally
jan:   bye hunter
hunter:  bye
jan:  good luck with your band
hunter:  oh, thank
jan:  dont let them change you, okay?  so long, 
michael:  so, i am gonna… give her a ride home.let me know about the job
david:  actually, michael, i think were gonna take it in another direction
michael:  good, im glad were on the same page.i have a lot of ideas for new directions
david:  no, were not giving you the job
michael:  you know what?that… is actually good… because, um, i dont think i could take… my girlfriends job.thats not being a good boyfriend.so, i respectfully withdraw my name from consideration.do you accept my withdrawal
david:  i do
michael:  good.very good.im glad we are finally on the same page.still have my job in scranton, though
david:  yes
michael:  good.thats all i ever wanted.these two.  either one of them… excellent candidates
karen:  wow.that was some serious… hardcore… self destruction
jim:  yeah.kinda feel bad for her though
karen:  dont!shes nuts!
jim:  oh, man.you know what?this might take a while.you really dont have to stay, if you dont want
karen:  okay, good!because, um, a bunch of my friends are meeting downtown for lunch.and, i was gonna meet them, so
jim:  okay
karen:  just call me when youre done
jim:  sure
karen:  good luck, halpert
jim:  thank you
receptionist:   dunder mifflin, this is grace.sure
jan:  oh, god!i mean, i just dont understand!its just 
michael:  i know.i know, im sorry about that.that was terrible
jan:  oh, just… no, actually i think its good, you know?its fine, actually, i do.i really think its great that it happened.because, you know, my work has always been the thing that has gotten in the way of my happiness, so…
michael:  well, its…  no, dont cry, its gonna be ok
jan:   oh, i know, i know.its just… im sorry.its just these painkillers that i started taking since the surgery.ohhh!they make my moods totally unpredictable!wow!what am i gonna do
michael:   i dont know. well i guess… you could come and stay at my condo.i think i could back out of the sale.  probably get some negative feedback on my ebay profile
jan:  live together.actually, wait a minute!this could be great!this could be perfect!you know, my full-time job could be our relationship.i could wear stretch pants and wait for you to come home at 5:15.  it could work.this could work, really
michael:   ill be baaaaack!and i am baaaack
pam:  howd it go
michael:  no.no, pam.im baaaaaack!for gooood!kevin nealon
michael:  everybody, may i have your attention please?it is with great honor and privilege that i announce to you that i have officially withdrawn my name for consideration from the corporate job.i know, i know, i know.“michael, what are you thinking?you were a shoe in.”well, got down there.i nailed the interview.and the strangest thing happened.why is my office black
dwight:  to intimidate my subordinates
michael:  thats stupid
dwight:  it was andys idea
michael:  you shouldnt have taken it.bad management!good thing im baaaaaack. ryan, coffee
ryan:  i dont do that stuff anymore
michael:  no, its for me, bimbo.kids
michael:  so im back.and i am never, ever going to leave.i am going nowhere.this place… is like… the hospital where i was born, my house, my old age home, and my… graveyard… for my bones
pam:  did… karen get the job
michael:   back to work.  still waitin on that coffee
dwight:  pam, hello
pam:  dwight, hello
dwight:  i wanted to thank you… for helping me, when you held the title, secret assistant to the regional manager.you served the office with great dignity.
pam:  no, i dont know what the future holds, but… im optimistic.and, uh, i had fun goofing around with dwight today.jim and i… are just… too similar.maybe one day ill find my own karen. but— you— that is, a, um, you know, not— a man.a man version.but, uh, until then… i can hold my head up. … im not gay
david:  i dont know how i feel about hiring a sixers fan
jim:  i should leave. 
david:  uh, let me ask you a question, jim.youre clearly a very bright guy
jim:  thanks
david:  always hit your numbers, personable, you make a great impression on everyone you meet
jim:  im sorry, wait, so is the question “howd i get to be so awesome?”  because, i dont have an answer for you.
david:  uh, oh, hey, do you have your quarterly numbers
jim:  yes, absolutely
david:  and that, uh, questionnaire.sorry to make you fill that thing out
jim:  oh, no, absolutely
david:  …thats a hr formality.we have this very irritating hr guy here, hes probably the only person youre not gonna like. kendall.ugh.so, first up
jim:   there you go
david:  how do you think you function here in new york
jim:   whats that? oh, uh, great.you know?i just um, i really appreciate the buildings, and uh, the people, and um, theres just a  energy… new york has, uh…not to mention, they have places that are open past eight. so thats a… bonus
david:  youve been in the scranton branch a long time.  what have you liked most about that place
jim:   the friendships
david:  okay.well, we want the person who takes this position to be here for the long haul.so… long haul.where do you see yourself in ten years
jim:   how are your feet
pam:  medium rare.thanks.
jim:  the real reason that i went to stamford… was because… i wanted to be… not here
pam:  i know
jim:  and even though… i came back, i just, i feel like ive never really… come back
pam:  well, i wish you would
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam.just one moment, ill transfer you
pam:  i havent heard anything, but i bet jim got the job.i mean, why wouldnt he?hes totally qualified, and smart, everyone loves him… and, if he never comes back again… thats ok.were friends.and im sure well stay friends.we just, we never got the timing right.you know?i shot him down, and then he did the same to me, and…but you know what?its ok.im totally fine.everything is gonna be totally—
jim:  pam. sorry.  um, are you free for dinner tonight
pam:  yes
jim:  all right.then… its a date
pam:   im sorry, what was the question
david:   so, i know we left the other day on a note of uncertainty.but, after some more thought, im very pleased to be able to offer you this job. great!im so glad.were all very excited youre going to be joining us.itll be nice to have another mba around here
ryan:   im excited too.okay.bye
kelly:  who was that
ryan:   nobody.you and i are done
kelly:  what?!
david:  where do you see yourself in ten years
michael:  well,  ive actually done a lot of thinking about that.and in ten years, i am living in a big house, with my kids.and in this house we have screens on the walls that have famous art on them and i have a remote that works everything, that has like a belt-loop attachment, or in my ear, like a gluetooth.and, because its the future, i can take just a little tiny pill and get all my vitamins for the whole day
david:  a… multivitamin
michael:  well, i dont know what its gonna be called, but… my point is, the future of this company is now.and the future… is me
phyllis:  michael, what happened
michael: jan got fired.and i realized that i could not work for a company that would fire my girlfriend.but more than that, i realized that… i couldnt take a job that would take me away from this place.this is where i belong.this is… my home.and home is where the hardest
oscar:  home is where the 
michael:  heart is.that makes a lot more sense.you think theyd help each other out like that at corporate?  i think not
kelly:  well, if michael gets the job, i will be so upset, because dwight used to have a crush on me, so if hes boss, itll be really awkward
pam:  mmm-hmm.
kelly:  but if jim gets it, you should be happy, because you have a crush on him, and he totally doesnt feel the same way, and then hell be gone
pam:  yeah, well, you know, whatever happens.  oh
kelly:  pam, hes just not that into you
pam:  oh, i know.we talked about it and he told me
kelly:  no, seriously pam, wake up
pam:  okay
pam:  kelly made me realize something.she and i have… nothing in common.and i need more friends
dwight:  define scorched earth policy
andy:  when an attacker goes through another country sometimes they wi
dwight:  nyah ah! too long!what is the dharma initiative
andy: it is the source of all energy on this planet
dwight:  wrong.it is a corporation formed by aliens
andy:  im a very good interviewee.why?because i have something that nobody else has.and that is… my brain.which makes me charming, witty, intelligent…  and quick on my feet
dwight:  who was the second man on the moon
andy:  trick question.there was no second man on the moon
dwight:  inventor of the cotton gin
andy:  eli edison
dwight:  talk me through an appendectomy
andy:  step 1, disinfection.step 2, incision.step 3, remove the appendix tenderly so it doesnt burst and spread toxic…icity everywhere
dwight:  step 5,  …the wound
andy:  re-suture.sutures, yes
dwight:  when is the paleolithic age
andy:  17 b.c
dwight:  what is a scented candle
dwight:  how is the new boss?tough.do people respect him?they have to.do they like him?irrelevant.they do not.and i hate them back
michael:  new york real estate.i started by looking for a brownstone, like the huxtables had,  but instead i found this very, very, nice place in jamaica, queens, mon.it is on the last stop of the subway, which is wonderful, because if i fall asleep, i still end up at home.it is a suh-weeeet one bedroom.i have a roommate, uh, vijay chokalingham, hes a sophomore at queens college.he actually works in the indian restaurant right below the apartment, so… free food, and the place always smells like curry.so, win/win.
