jim:   its kind of blurry.  thats better.  question.what kind of bear is best
dwight:  thats a ridiculous question
jim:  false.black bear
dwight:  well thats debatable.there are basically two schools of thought
jim:  fact.bears eat beets.bears.beets.battlestar galactica
dwight:  bears do not— what is going on— what are you doing?
jim:  last week, i was in a drug store and i saw these glasses.uh, four dollars.and it only cost me seven dollars to recreate the rest of the ensemble.and thats a grand total of…  eleven dollars
dwight:  you know what?imitation is the most sincere form of flattery, so i thank you. identity theft is not a joke, jim!millions of families suffer every year
jim:  … michael
dwight:  oh, thats funny.michael
pam:   yes, i understand.can i transfer you to customer relations
jim:   absolutely.i couldnt be more sorry about this
phyllis:   i know, i know.were all trying to get to the bottom of this
stanley:   i am upset.dont i sound upset
michael:   it is disgusting.i totally agree.well, were going to recalling all of that paper
michael:  we have a crisis.apparently, a disgruntled employee at the paper mill decided that it would be funny to put an obscene watermark on our 24 pound cream butter stock.five hundred boxes has gone out, with the image of a beloved cartoon duck, performing…unspeakable acts upon a certain cartoon mouse that a lot of people like.ive never been a fan
michael:  everybody in here.stat.no time to lose.cri-man-squa.f and c, doubletime
dwight:  cri-man-squa
michael:  crisis management squad
ryan:  f and c, doubletime
michael:  front and center. twice as fast as you would normally go.any other questions
jim:  one more.why are you talking like that
michael:  to save time, jim
karen:  actually i think you could make the argument that it wastes time
pam:  yeah, she has a good point.i mean, for example, with the last thing you said, by the time you explained it, it actually took up more time
michael:  you know what? bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh!forget it.where is creed
creed:  here
michael:  creed.quality assurance.your job.i really think you screwed the pooch on one, creed.because of you, the entire company is in jeopardy
creed:  every week im supposed to take four hours and do a quality spot-check at the paper mill.and of course the one year i blow it off, this happens
michael:  we have a lot of angry customers out there.this puts us at threat level midnight.accounting, you are on customer service duty today
oscar:  thats really not our job
michael:  
angela:  kellys training us
kelly:  this day is bananas. b-a-n-a-n-a-s.this 
angela:   i dont have a headache.im just preparing
michael:  jim, big fire in your house.your client, dunmore high-school, sent out their prom invitations on this paper.went home to all the kids
jim:  yeah, i gotta call out on that
michael:  no, no, no, no.not good enough.this is a keystone account.i want you in the school.in person
jim:  all right
michael:  i want you to bring a partner
ryan:  ill go
michael:  no, sweet cheeks.we need someone whos actually made a sale.andy, you go
andy:   william dolittle at your service.a.k.a., will do
jim:  yeah, im definitely gonna go alone
michael:  no, no.i need two men on this.thats what she said.no time!but she did.no time!guys, get on this.dwight, i want you to be in charge of the press conference
dwight:  yes!you are entering the “no spin zone!
pam:  were having a press conference
michael:  no, pam.the press is just gonna find out by themselves
dwight:  not!
michael:  heres the thing.when a company screws up, best thing to do is call a press conference.alert the media, and then you control the story.wait for them to find out, and the story controls you.thats what happened to o.j
michael:  i have invited barbara allen, one of our oldest clients, to come in here, and meet with me, for a personal apology.the press wants a story, i will give them a story
jim:  oh, did the press ask for a story
michael:  
creed:  yes, hello.creed bratton, quality assurance, dunder mifflin scranton.i was supposed to meet with one of your floor managers last week for a quality inspection, and he or she wasnt there.and im trying to remember who it was.mm-hmm.who wasnt there last week?debbie brown.and which day was that?wednesday, the eleventh.perfect
creed:  the only difference between me and a homeless man is this job.i will do whatever it takes to survive.like i did… when i was a homeless man
kelly:  look, i know the reason that you guys became accountants is because youre not good at interacting with people.but guess what?from now on, you guys are no longer losers!so give yourselves a round of applause
oscar:  i wonder how many phone calls youre missing while youre teaching us to answer calls
kelly:  i know, right?probably a lot
angela:  can you just tell us what we need to do so we can go
kelly:  ok, angela.i love your enthusiasm.all you need to know how to do is pick up the phone and say “customer service, this is kelly!”except dont say “kelly,” say your own name.or if youre bored, you can just make up a name.like one time, i said i was bridget jones,  and i talked like this for the whole conversation
kevin:  oh! can i be  australian, mate
kelly:   absolutely
kevin:   ‘ello, mate
kelly:   i like ice cream!i need a boyfriend
kevin:   i like ice cream too, mate.alligators and dingo babies
andy:  beer me
jim:  whats that
andy:  hand me that water.i always say “beer me.”gets a laugh like a quarter of the time.so hows whats-her-name
jim:  you know her name
andy:  who, karen?yeah, shes only one of my oldest friends. mmm.hows the apartment hangin
jim:  its fine
andy:  nice.check out this sunshine, man.global warming, right?today was supposed to be really cold, i bet
jim:  what about music?do you have any music
andy:  uh, yeah.should have said so. rha-dah-dah-dah!give me the beat, boys, and free my soul.i wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away-he-hay.ruu-da-doo-da-doo, ba-dit-da-doo-da-dun, give me the beat, boys, and free my little-ole-soul, i wa
jim:  i was thinkin about more like a cd, or… a cd
andy:  your call, dude.my girlfriend made an awesome mix.beer me that disc
jim:  lord, beer me strength
andy:  so, tuna.when we get in there, lets do a really good job, okay
jim:  did that 
andy:  well not everything a guy says needs to be said.sometimes its just about the music of the conversation
andy:  whoa!what the— why is my girlfriend here
jim:  oh, is she that teacher in the white
andy:  no, shes a part-time frozen yogurt chef
jim:  which one… is she
andy:  the one in the green hoodie
jim:  wow
andy:  i wonder if shes, like, a… a guidance counselor, or something
jim:  no, i dont think so
andy:  shes like, probably a tutor
jim:  nope
andy:  she probably a t
jim:  no
andy:  sh
jim:  no
michael:  ok, press conference in 45.dwight, make sure this place looks nice
dwight:  on it.ok, karen, ryan, pam, center stage.pam, run a comb through your hair
dwight:  first rule in road-side beet sales: put the most attractive beets on top.the ones that make you pull the car over and go, “wow, i need this beet right now.”those are the money beets
dwight:    hey! look sharp! hey!uh, hi.hello, dwight schrute
chad lite:  hi, uh
dwight:  and you must be uh, from the washington post
chad lite:  scranton times.chad lite, “lighter side of life.
dwight:  and “breaking corporate news.
chad lite:  and obits
dwight:  oh, dear god.ok, here are your credentials.youve been granted level three security clearance
chad lite:  oh
dwight:  dont get too excited, thats out of 20.right this way.regional manager michael scott will be addressing the client in the press room shortly.have a seat, can i get you a beverage
chad lite:  uh, yeah, id like uh, uh
dwight:   great
jim:  oh, andy.you know what?we dont have a 
andy:  jamie
jim:  andy— ohh
andy:  what are you doing here
jamie:  andy
andy:  are you a student here
jamie:  oh… yeah
andy:  you never told me you were in high-school
jamie:  this is weird.i… gotta go to spanish
andy:  oh my god
jim:  oh my god
andy:  i had no idea
jim:  well… thats not gonna hold up in court
andy:  huh… we didnt do anything illegal.except knock over a mailbox with her friends
kevin:   sir, yes, you have a valid point.im sorry.no, i am 
oscar:   really, dixon city? …carbondale
angela:   excuse me?well, i dont see how thats our fault.and ive already told you, the official position of dunder mifflin is apologetic, so i dont know what you want from me.
kelly:  ok, first, i just wanna say that you are doing 
creed:  when i went over wednesday, for the spot-check, i got a call from debbie brown, saying she has an emergency dentist appointment
dwight:  emergency dentist appointment
creed:  now im told she told her manager she had the flu.im a trusting guy, but uh, i just wish debbie brown had been there.we would have caught this
pam:  yes, ill be sure someone returns your call.im so sorry.bye
barbara:  hello, im looking for michael scott
michael:  mrs. allen is our most important client… because every client is our most important client.even though shes a pretty unimportant client, really
michael:  and so, with the eyes of the nation upon us, i would like to say that dunder mifflin truly regrets this unfortunate incident.and, as a gesture of gratitude, for your continued loyalty, mrs. allen, i would like to present you with this novelty check, for six months of free paper or 25 reams, whichever comes first
dwight:   you look good in this
michael:  so, let us consider this matter ended
barbara:  well it isnt ended.im… im very angry. i— i could have lost business
michael:  i know, i know youre angry.and we are truly, truly sorry
barbara:  i dont accept your apology.the watermark was obscene and horrifying
michael:  well, we are extremely sorry
barbara:  i dont accept
school official:  ill be with you in a moment
jim:  all right
andy:  who was that guy she was talking to?at her locker
jim:  not important.because youre not dating her.because its a felony
andy:  but who 
jim:  
school official:  the issue with the watermark is very serious
jim:  absolutely
school official:  we teach our students that character counts
jim:  and you should
school official:  but
andy:   pfft.you dont teach it well enough.one of your students is a 
jim:  andy… is having a 
andy:  i want to take out an ad, in your yearbook.a full page, two words
jim:  “good luck.
andy:  thats not what i had in mind
kelly:  ask where hes from
angela:   where are you from?ohio?thats nice.so what do you want? hes upset about the watermark
kelly:  ok, great.now tell him that it was an unfortunate error, and were doing everything we can do to fix it, and that youre sorry
angela:   it was an unfortunate error.
kelly:  and youre sorry
angela:  …and the company has already apologized, so you can take that apology or not.   i think he had tourettes or something
michael:  we… are going to do everything humanly possible, to ensure that this never happens again
barbara:  well, it— it doesnt help, because it already happened to me
michael:  the watermark… its a one time thing
barbara:  i dont care!it was disgusting.cartoon characters having sex
dwight:  may i point out that the sex appeared to be consensual?both animals were smiling
michael:  ok
dwight:  i grew up on a farm.i have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable.goat on chicken.chicken on goat.couple of chickens doin a goat, couple of pigs watching.whoever drew this got it exactly right
michael:  what… can i do, for you
barbara:  i, for starters, i think that you should resign
michael:  well…  ok, well…um, wasnt really my fault.the guys at the papermill
barbara:  youre the head
michael:  the guys at the papermill— no no no
barbara:  youre the head of the company
michael:  
barbara:  yes, and that makes it your responsibility
michael:  no, im a regional manager
barbara:  and so you should lose your job
michael:  no— my— ok, this is insane.you can get out of here.get out
barbara:  fine
michael:  thats insane.well give this to somebody who will appreciate it
barbara:  mm-hmm
dwight:  its non-transferable
michael:  doesnt matter.out please
barbara:  im calling the better business bureau
michael:  yeah, well im calling the ungrateful bi-atch hotline!  did you get all that
chad lite:  everything
michael:  we gotta do something.  this is spinning out of control, pam.this is just, not
pam:  its just the scranton times
michael:  no, then newsweek picks it up.and then cnn does a story about it.then… youtube gets a hold of it
pam:  you know what?i really think the whole thing is just gonna blow over in like a week or two
michael:  youre right.it will blow over.but its not… going to take… a week or two. do you know what this is for
pam:  yes
pam:  michael likes me to run the camera when he makes his apology videos.he says he needs a womans touch
michael:   ok, i think thats good
michael:  “hello.i am michael scott, regional manager of dunder mifflin scranton.by now you are probably sick of hearing about dunder mifflin and our embarrassing watermark boner.let me tell you something.something from the heart.i am not leaving this office.it will take a swat team, to remove me from this office, and maybe not even that.
dwight:  uh, you could never withstand a swat team
michael:  thats how devoted i am to this job
dwight:  im just saying
michael:  i know
dwight:  they would flank you.throw in a concussion grenade
michael:  i understand that, dwight
dwight:  you would be on the ground, blind, deaf, dumb
michael:  do you think youre taking it a little… literally, dwight?and now were wasting tape.im gonna have to cut this all out.can you say cut
dwight:  cut
michael:  so ill know where—
pam:  cut
michael:  im asking pam to do it, please
pam:  cut
michael:  ok, ready
angela:  kevin, whats four plus seven
kevin:   eleven
angela:  yeah, well you didnt know that when you filled out this payroll form
kevin:  yeah, well at least i didnt suck at customer relations.oooh, yes.facial
oscar:   yes.
angela:  you two are apes
oscar:  i expect you to apologize for that, angela
angela:  im sorry… that youre both morons
kevin:  oh, but you still said “im sorry.
angela:  i called you morons
kevin:  still said it
oscar:  still said it, so…
michael:  five, four, three.“there is no way, i will resign.it wouldnt be fair.not to the good workers i work with, not to my clients, and especially not to me.lets not forget who this whole resigning business is about, anyway.if i could leave you with one thought, remember… it wasnt me.theyre trying to make me an escape goat.if i am fired, i swear to god, that every single piece of copier paper in this town is going to have the f-word on it.the f-word.you have one day.
pam:  one day for what
michael:  thats… they always give an ultimatum
pam:  ok
michael:  good, cut
pam:  cut.that was your best apology video ever
michael:  thought so too
creed:   got a farewell card for debbie brown.i thought maybe youd like to sign it.maybe throw a couple of bucks in there for her.shes got some children
creed:  i feel terrible about debbie brown.she got fired because of dwight.so i thought id pass around a goodbye card, maybe everyone could put in a couple of bucks to help her through these difficult times.why do bad things always happen to the good people?its tragic.just tragic
jim:  you want music
andy:  i dont care
jim:  come on man, just give it a couple days.i think youll be all right
andy:  yeah
jim:   a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh
andy:  you know what— i dont
jim:  a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh
andy:   oooo-oo-oooo-ooo-oo-oooo-oo-ooo-ooo a-wi-imbube
jim:  a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh
andy:  oooo-oo-oooo-ooo-oo-oooo-oo-ooo-ooo a-wi-imbube
jim:  a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh
andy:  sweet
dwight:   pam
pam:  hey, dwight.you look really nice today
dwight:   pssssh.i look like an idiot. hey karen
karen:  hey, dwight, lookin sharp
dwight:  yeah, thats cause im… youre boyfriend, jim halpert.hey, karen, wanna get t-together later and have sexual intercourse cause youre my girlfriend
jim:  do you
karen:  no
jim:  ok
karen:  im good.thanks
jim:   look at that
dwight:  im jim halpert.
jim:  spot on
dwight:  ah-luh-luh, a little comment.muh
kelly:  oh my god, i am so sorry, that is so messed up. everyone here is so upset, you have no idea. and rest assured your voice has been heard. okay, ill be thinking about you all day. customer service, this is kelly. oh my god, i am so sorry, that is so messed up. everyone here is so upset, you have no idea. and rest assured your voice has been heard. okay, ill be thinking about you all day.
ryan:  customer service, this is kelly. oh my god, i am so sorry, that is so messed up. everyone here is so upset, you have no idea. ill be thinking about you all day. customer service, this is kelly. oh my god, i am so sorry, that is so messed up. everyone here is so upset, you have no idea. ill be thinking about you all day. customer service, this is kelly. oh my god, i am so sorry, that is so messed up. everyone here is so upset, you have no idea. ill be thinking about you all day
michael:  the key to a crisis is dealing with it right away. like that aspirin company that sent out the poisoned aspirin in the regular aspirin bottles. if you dont act fast, you will lose customers
dwight:  hello, cnn? i need to speak to your scranton-area bureau chief? all right, then the bureau chief for the greater wilkes-barre area? how about, ah, lackawanna county. okay, northeastern pennsylvania then. this is extremely urgent! no… you put 
kelly:  customer service isnt like accounting. its not just typing numbers into a calculator and then it tells you an answer
oscar:  we do a lot more than that
kelly:  okay, or hand out checks, or whatever it is you do. look, i know the reason that you guys became accountants is because you think that people dont like you. but guess what, from now on you guys are not losers! so give yourselves a round of applause
oscar:  i wonder how many phone calls youre missing while youre teaching us to answer phone calls
kelly:  the annex rocks.all you need to do is make sure that you make a connection with the customer. they just wanna know that youre sorry. do that and youll be fine. make sense
angela:  mm-hm
kelly:  okay, role-playing time
angela:  alright, i think im trained
kevin:  ooh, can i be a pirate
creed: 
chad lite:  hello
creed:  hey
chad lite:  excuse me. youre creed bratton, guitar player for grass roots in the late 1960s
creed:  i am indeed. howd you know that
chad lite:  i wrote your obituary
creed:  oh, oh thats right! good work. thank you very much, sir .
creed:  about 10 years ago, for tax reasons, i faked my own death. ive been collecting benefits as my own widow ever since
andy:  oh, my god
jim:  oh, my god! wow
andy:  i had no idea
jim:  then you did nothing wrong. we should go
andy:  how could i not have realized
jim:  she looks older
andy:  yeah, she does, doesnt she
jim:  no
andy:  she acts older, too. she knows everything about european history, and photosynthesis, and she made me this lanyard with, like, a fimo clay thing. shes a real renaissance woman
jim:  or a high school girl. lets go 
andy:  chicken pot pie
jim:  whats that
andy:  thats what i was eating, in the parking lot of a 7-eleven for dinner. and i got out of the car to shake the crumbs off my shirt, and this smoking hot woman comes up and we strike up a conversation
jim:  oh. you dont have to tell me this
andy:  she lets me buy her and her friends some wine coolers for a dinner party shes going to
jim:  you shouldnt be talking about that
andy:  i threw in some scratch tickets, cause generous guy, and next thing you know were making out in the woods
jim:  hypothetically. hypothetically you were making out in the woods
andy:  no, we were really making out in the woods
jim:  no, cant help you now
andy:  i gotta go talk to her
jim:  no. d
michael:  with dissatisfied clients, it doesnt matter what you did. all they wanna hear is that youre sorry. theyre like women that way. and this client is a woman. so when i say im sorry, it will be twice as effective
michael:  so were good
barbara allen:  no, were not
michael:  im sorry
barbara allen:  well, okay. but i dont accept
dwight:   say youre sorry times infinity
michael:  okay
dwight:  …cause theres no comeback for that
michael:  all right. we are infinitely sorry
barbara allen:  im still furious
michael:  you understand? you… you get this check
barbara allen:  mmm
spanish teacher:  can i help you
andy:  yeah. im mr. bernard johnson, md. id like to talk with jamie about a certain heart condition. diagnosis: broken
jamie:  get out of here, andy
andy:  whos this guy
jamie:  my boyfriend
andy:  youre such a liar
spanish teacher:  sir? you need to get out of here, before i call the police, okay
andy:  yeah, maybe you should call the police. see whose side they take. warning, most cops are dudes
jim:  dr. johnson, we need you in surgery right away
spanish teacher:  what
dwight:  i dont believe in apologies. when someone in the yakuza makes a mistake, they cut off a portion of their own pinky finger. and in that way, save face. and knowing the japanese, they probably get an even better prosthetic finger. with a knife you can take out of it, or a screwdriver or a corkscrew
angela:  why am i getting all of the bad ones
kelly:  why cant you just say youre sorry and make them feel better
angela:  im not gonna lie and say im sorry when the company didnt do anything wrong. thats immoral, and this is ridiculous
oscar:  would you, please? please
kelly:  well, you have to do what i say, okay? because michael put me in charge, even though youre old enough to be my mother
angela:  what? well what you say is stupid, and your job is pointless. and youre a slut and everyone thinks so
kelly:  well, youre fired, okay? go back to accounting, angela
angela:  gladly. i quit
kevin:  if cartoon characters didnt have sex, then how would we get new cartoon characters? from the sex!
michael:  the customer is always right. mrs. allen was our customer. she was wrong. is that a contradiction? no. because shes not our customer anymore
pam:  michael likes me to run the camera when he makes his apology videos. my favorite is the one for his mother.
michael:  hey, mom. happy birthday, belatedly. sorry i forgot. i had put it on my calendar and pam threw that out.
pam:  my personal favorite is the one he made for his condo association.
michael:  and without denying the seriousness of the situation, i would just like to remind you that in much of the netherlands, swimming naked is the norm. so in norway, youd be the weirdos
jim:  okay, andy, we need to go. seriously
andy:  dude, there she is. dont look, dont look. shes sitting with denise. how am i supposed to do this? denise hates me
jim:  dont do it
andy:  what is your problem, man? cant you support a bro? thats why you dont have any friends, tuna. im sorry. im sorry. i just, i need
jim:  thats okay
andy:  …your help. i love her
jim:  what
andy:  yeah. i lo- i love her. is this what love is?this, like, horrible feeling in my stomach
jim:  no, thats your conscience. listen to it
andy:  look, okay, just be my wingman. beer me five minutes. talk to denise. shes really into white russians and whippets.
andy:  jamie, can i talk to you for a second
jamie:  yeah. i only have a minute
jim:   so, high school
denise:  do you have a cigarette
jim:  oh, i dont smoke. sorry
denise:  theres nothing to do in this town
jim:  you should take up a musical instrument.
denise:  yeah, i should take up that. jamie
jim:  hey, uh, does mr. nortman still teach here? hes a jerk, right
denise:  hes dead. hey, do you have any weed
jim:  no, nope. what else? what else? you watch the hills? what is heidi thinking
denise:  how old are you
jim:  how old do you think i am
denise:  forty
jim: 
denise:  are you someones dad here
jim:  not that i know of
denise:  ew. what kind of car do you have
jim:  i drive a saab station wagon
denise:  my dad just gave me his old lexus
jim:  really? way to earn it. hey, andy
andy:  what
jim:  yup
dwight:  very well . i just got a call from debbie brown over at the mill. she claims innocence and is willing to come over here and defend herself
creed:  no time. dwight, i love debbie brown. shes a close personal friend. but quality is my life. this company has a reputation to uphold. as much as it pains me, someone has to be held accountable
dwight:  youre right. mercy is for girl-babies. time to put this dog down
michael:  are we ready
dwight:  final touch-ups
michael:  okay. am i shiny
dwight:  yeah
michael:  okay. we good? okay, thats enough aqua net
dwight:  i dont know
michael:   stop it
dwight: 
kelly:  hey, angela. im sorry that i said you were old enough to be my mother. i dont know why i said that. i think i might be hypoglycemic or something, but still, its no excuse. so, im very sorry
angela:  oh. thank you, kelly . and i wish i hadnt called you stupid
kelly:  do you think im a slut
angela:  no, but some of your outfits are not appr
kelly:  apology accepted!
angela:  i didnt apologize
kelly:  were like best friends now
angela:  were not
kelly:  ill text you
angela:  dont
kelly:  bye, angela
angela:  fine.
kelly:  that is all i was looking for today. she got something out of my training session. i mean, she will never work in customer relations. oh, my god, no. never. but maybe shell be less of a grump.
angela:  kellys not so bad. she really taught me something today 
michael:  i have literally apologized an infinite number of times on this, and there are still calls for me to resign. calls from an annoying woman, and possibly even the media alike. well let me tell you something, something from the heart. i will not resign. i need this job. my mortgage is hundreds of dollars a month. with this job, i can barely cover that. i have a company car, but i still have to pay for gas, and gas prices are high. and i have no savings whatsoever. and it wasnt even me. its so not fair that they want me to resign
dwight:  …to the fullest extent of the law . listen up, everyone! i just got off the phone with the mill.final responsibility for watermark-gate has been assigned. floor manager debbie brown has officially been terminated. lets give a big hand to creed bratton, without whose earnest and diligent sleuthing this scandal might never have been resolved .
creed:  just doing my job, guys
