michael:  ughh… blech
dwight:  ok, where does it hurt
michael:  just… all over. i dont want to do anything… im dying
dwight:  no, thats not how it works. you have to point to a specific part of the body
michael:  right there.
dwight:   “abdomen. menses.
michael:  maybe
dwight:  “the uterus contracts after your egg passes through it.
michael:  not it. i dont have eggs
pam:  about 40 times a year, michael gets really sick, but has no symptoms. dwight is always gravely concerned
dwight:  oh, is it possible you ate food that contained animal waste
michael:  thats possible
pam:  michael
michael:  uh-huh
pam:  david wallace is on line one
michael:  the cfo? ohh
michael:  ok, everybody out. out. out. out. ok
michael:  to what do i owe this great honor, david wallace
david:   michael, i am calling
michael:  and gromit.  jan? is jan there
david:  jan is out of town right now
michael:  oh, you sigh like jan. i broke jans heart, david, and it was awful. it was… it was never my intention to ruin a life. but you know what? sometimes
david:  michael
michael:  …you just gots to get your freak on
david:  michael
michael:  yeah
david:  michael
michael:  hmmm
david:  i am calling to see if you can come down and interview for a job we have opening in corporate
michael:  really
david:  week from today. bring your first quarter stats and your recommendation for who would take over the scranton branch
michael:  wow. i wish i had prepared something to say
david:  thats not necessary
michael:  may god guide you in your quest
david:  yes
michael:  ok, everybody have their towels and swim suits? we have about an hour and half.i suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the partay bus
meredith:  oh im excited. today is beach day! and michael is taking the whole office to the beach. so im wearing my bathing suit underneath my shirt  oh, yeah… i packed it in my purse
michael:  oscar, you brought your speedo, i assume
oscar:  i dont wear a speedo, michael
michael:  well, you cant swim in leather pants.  im just yankin your chain.not literally
toby:  anybody need sun block? got spf 30
michael:  oh, you know what? uh, youre not going.
toby:  its beach day
michael:  yeah, i know. im sorry, toby. we… um… somebody has to stay here
michael:  i want today to be a beautiful memory… that the staff and i share after i have passed on to new york. and if toby is a part of it… then itll suck
toby:  hey, want my sun screen
pam:  oh, great. i forgot mine and im wearing a two piece.
toby:  uh-huh
pam:  thanks toby
michael:  hey pam, i have a very important job for yo
pam:  i thought we were just having fun at the beach
michael:  we are. we are. but, i would like you to take notes. and i want you to find out about peoples character. not their hotness, per se, but their humor, and their charisma, and the indefinable quality that makes you all glad to follow me
michael:  what happens to a company if somebody takes their boss away? i will answer your question with a question. its like what happens to a chicken when you take its head away. it dies. unless you find a new head. i need to see which one of these people have the skills to be a chicken head
pam:  you want me to write down peoples indefinable qualities?
michael:  i want you to write down everything that people are doing all day. and then type it up, in a way that is helpful. alright
pam:  i have the most boring job in the office, so… why wouldnt i have the most boring job on beach day
michael:  this way to the partay bus
kevin:  i just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. thats all ive ever wanted
kevin:    and the night got deathly quiet, and his face lost all expression. said, “if youre gonna play the game, boy, ya gotta learn to play it right.”  you got to know when to hold em, know when to fold em, know when to walk away and know when to run. you never count your money when youre sittin at the table. therell be time enough for countin when the dealins done
michael:  everybody, may i have you attention please? today, we are not just spending a day at the beach
stanley:  oh, sweet mother of god
michael:  if you dont like it, stanley, you can go to the back of the bus
stanley:  excuse me
michael:  or the front of the bus. or drive the bus.just, we are all participating in mandatory fun activities.funtivities!and there is a special secret prize for the winner
dwight:  yes! funtivities! i knew it wasnt just a trip to the beach
michael:  okay, you know what? your enthusiasms turning people off
dwight:  i hope there will be management parables
michael:  well,  hey pam, did you get that down?
pam:  like what
michael:  like everything i said and everything they did and… just dont
pam:  well… no, i dont… exactly… what
michael:  well write it down before you forget it. thats… youve just been drawing pictures.  rrrr. i cant stay mad at you
michael:  here we are ladies and gentlemen. everybody ready? last one down is a rotten egg.  watch out for snakes
angela:  everyone put on sunscreen.
michael:  alright, find a cozy spot. everybody settle in.  ok, everybody up! circle round.  let us play some games. we are situated on the northeast corner of scenic lake scranton. americas eighth largest indigenous body of water. it is here that a group of americans will undergo the ultimate challenge. one day, 14 strangers who work together, but only one survivor
oscar:  what
michael:  just words. inspiring words.  not a contender.  for the competitions, you will be divided into four tribes. each tribe will have a leader that i will pick randomly off the top of my head without thinking. jim, dwight, andy and stanley
dwight:  yes
michael:  choose your tribes. except for pam. not pam
michael:  jim halpert. pros: smart, cool, good-looking. remind you of anybody you know? cons: not a hard worker. i can spend all day on a project, and he will finish the same project in a half an hour. so that should tell you something
dwight:  i choose michael
michael:  im not playing
dwight:  ok, temp
michael:  dwight is an obvious candidate for my job. he has the best sales record in the office. he loves the work. he is, however, an idiot
michael:  we are going to choose team names. dwight
dwight:  we will be called gryffindor
jim:  really? not slytherin
dwight:  slytherin are the bad guys, jim
jim:  i know. okay, we will be voldemort
dwight:  he-who-must-not-be-named? i wouldnt do that
jim:   vol-de-mort, vol-de-mort … vol-de-mort! vol-de-mort! vol-de-mort
dwight:  ok, seriously. you really shouldnt be saying that.
michael:  hey, hey, hey. ok, ok… stanley, your team name
stanley:  i dont care what you call my team
michael:  then i will name your team the red team.
stanley:  no , the blue team
michael:  i am also considering stanley because of all the good that black people have done. for america
andy:  we will be team u.s.a.
michael:  very good. pam, please take a note that andy is patriotic
michael:  andy bernard. pros: hes classy. he gets me. he went to cornell. i trust him. cons: i dont really trust him
michael:  it is time for the great spoon and egg race. this one is with a little twist.
stanley:  theres already a twist, youre carrying an egg on a spoon
michael:  shh… the person carrying the egg will be blindfolded. please put on your blindfolds. that person carrying the egg will go down, circle a torch, come back, deposit their egg in the pail. first team back is the winner. alright. ready? set. go!
oscar:  come on phyllis, you can do it.  ahh
stanley:  thank you so much
andy:  phyllis is out. yes!  follow my voice. follow my voice. yeah, keep it moving. keep it moving. right this way. looking good.
kelly:  i dont want to hit the big rock
andy:  dont worry. youre not
kelly:  i know im near the big rock. i just know it.
andy:  no where near the big rock
kelly:   i just dont want to get hit by it
andy:  whatre you doing? no! see, now were disqualified
andy:  i am okay if i lose every single contest today. honestly. because i see these contests as an opportunity for me to demonstrate what a good sport i am. mallard!
jim:   woah, stop, stop, stop. theres a hole. step over the hole.
karen:  hole
jim:  yup.  perfect, oooh, just made it. ok, turn left
dwight:   come on!come on! andale! arriba! arriba
ryan:  can you just stop this right now, or im not gonna do this anymore.
dwight:  what are you saying
ryan:  you have to stop yelling at me or im not gonna do the egg race
dwight:  ok, i apologize for yelling at you.
ryan:  thats what being a good captain is about. its about listening to the members of your team
dwight:  i am trying to bring team spirit
jim:   woah, stop, another hole. take a big step.  yes
karen:   oh my god! you ass! 
pam:  theres nothing better than a beautiful day at the beach, filled with sun, surf, and uh… diligent note-taking.
michael:   pam…youre missing things.
dwight:   lets go! lets go! come on! mush! mush! come on you bastard!  what the? damn it temp
andy:   great job everyone, that was fantastic.
michael:  okay pam, i have another little project for you
pam:  does it have to do with these shopping bags filled with hot dogs?
michael:  smart as a whip! yes!  these are pre-cooked, so its not absolutely necessary, but i would appreciate it if you could heat up 800 hot dogs for a little contest im going to be having. i would greatly appreciate it
pam:  whens the contest?
michael:  like umm… ten minutes
pam:  how am i supposed to… get
michael:  thanks a bunch
michael:  a good manager has got to be hungry. hungry for success
michael:  ok, whos hungry  no, no, no. do not touch the food. please. not yet. that is our next event. a hot dog eating contest.  for those of you who are curious, the world record is 54 and one half hot dogs. wow! and you know what? i personally have cooked up enough so each and every one of you could break that record. so shoot for the stars, ok? alright, the team that eats the most hot dogs in ten minutes will be declared the winner. on you mark. get set
kelly:  can i have a turkey burger
michael:  no, i have the only one. i claimed it. ready
oscar:  turkey is a healthy meat.
dwight:  its very good for you.
michael:  guys, guys, guys. come on! pleeeeease… lets just… ok, its very important that you all try to eat as many hot dogs as you can. on your mark. get set. eat
phyllis:  is there any mustard
michael:  no mustard, no mustard. just eat it, eat it, phyllis. dip it in the water so itll slide down your gullet more easily
michael:  come on, the winner gets a big, big prize
meredith:   what is it
michael:  i cant say.
jim:  you cant say, or you cant pronounce it
michael:  the winner gets a regional managers salary for a year, and a sebring, and the feeling that they are making a difference in the world
kelly:  can we just take those first two things
michael:  the winner of today gets my job. ok? im interviewing for a job at corporate. and theyre only interviewing a handful of people and im the most qualified and ill probably get it. alright?
dwight:  youre leaving?
michael:  i didnt want to tell anyway. i didnt want to cast a pall over our fun beach day. but you know what? i dont know who to recommend because frankly nobody is stepping up.
andy:   i am so hungry!
stanley:  do you expect me to believe that youre truly making your recommendations on this basis?
michael:   word.  there we go. lets see it
stanley:  i would rather work for an upturned broom with a bucket for a head than work for somebody else in this office besides myself. game on
michael:  four. three. two. one. stop your eating! and the winner is andy bernard, with 14 hot dogs
kelly:  team u.s.a.
andy:  one came up
michael:  13 hot dogs, everybody
dwight:  damn it
creed:   nobody told me we were going to have hot dogs
dwight:  sabotage
angela:  what? what are you saying? did you say sandwich?
dwight:  no. i was saying that before. not now.now i am saying sabotage. the ancient dutch art of screwing up your own team.
angela:  i knew you were saying sabotage.i was giving you an example of it. i will misunderstand everything that andy says until he goes insane
dwight:  if michael organizes some kind of group hug, stand next to me
michael:  its very simple. there are only three rules. you must not touch the ground. you must not step outside of the ring. and you must always wear the safety mittens.
stanley:  uh, we dont have any safety mitten
michael:  probably left them in the trunk of my car. its alright.its alright. here we go.
karen:  get em big boy!
michael:  aaaaaand, go
karen:  cmon, jim!
stanley: 
jim:  what are you doing?
michael:  nice, stanley
stanley:   sorry about that. its all about taking points away from dwight.
jim:  yeah. no. good
jim:  oh, my god. i have never seen that look in a mans eyes… ever. i thought that i might die. on beach day
oscar:  if either of these guys are put in charge of the office i will transfer to albany. gil can come if he wants. im kinda looking for a way out of that relationship anyway.i think i might try girls for a while. angela thinks i can cross over. well see
dwight:   gaaaaa…
michael:  one. two. three.
dwight:  yaaaaa! yaaaaa
michael:  excellent
dwight:  gryffindor! gryffindor
andy:  i didnt win. but the only reason i didnt win is because i recently learned that its better to work thing out with words.
dwight:  thats not why you lost.
andy:  yeah it is. i totally could have kicked your butt so bad.
dwight:  yeah, right.
andy:  yeah, right, cmon! cmon!
dwight:   aaaagh! uggggh! how do you like that
andy:   oh, god! waaa! guhh! wuuuh! help! angela! angela, hey! oh, thank god! please tell somebody!
angela:  what, andy?andy, what should i tell them?
andy:  go tell them im floating away, obviously!
angela:  i dont understand what you want from me.
andy:  angela, its pretty simple! look at what im doing and go tell somebody about it
angela:  sorry! bye, andy!
andy:  angela
michael:  i knew that finding a successor would be difficult. i did not know that it would be impossible. thus far the candidates have been wildly disappointing. uh, jim is not taking it seriously. uh, stanley is having a stroke. and andy, where is he? where the hell is andy? where is he, pam? do you know? ah… whos ahead in points?
pam:  i think theyre even. at various times you gave jim ten points, dwight a gold star, and stanley a thumbs up. and i dont really know how to compare those units.
michael:  check to see if there is a conversion chart in that notebook.
pam:  i really doubt it, michael.
michael:  please just check
jim:   great. yeah, ill see you next week. thank you, and here is karen filipelli. bye.
karen:  hello?yeah, hi david. yes, i would like to be considered for the corporate position in well.
jim:  in well?
karen:  as well.
jim:  how would that work in well?i just want to know.
karen:  yes. uh, huh.
jim:  wait a minute
karen:  that would be fine
jim:  if this job is in a well, i dont want it
karen:   cut it out
jim:  i dont
michael:  what does a great manager need most of all? courage.
stanley:  how so? i mean… sure thing, that sounds smart… i cant do this anymore! im goin to sit in the bus.
michael:  your loss, stanley. meanwhile the rest of us will have a super fun time defeating our fear and creating a lasting memory. walking through fire
michael:  who among you has the guts to replace me? let him walk across these coals.
kevin:  are you going to try it?
angela:  im not going to talk through the fire after your disgusting feet have gone through
kevin:  angela, it is a million degrees.
pam:  im gonna do it. and i fully expect to burn my feet and go to the hospital. thats the right spirit when doing a coal walk, right?
michael:  no. no, not you, pam. you have to keep score.
pam:  id like to try it.
michael:  pointless
pam:  but im not kidding.i really want to do it
michael:  blah, blah, blee blup, blup, okay? this is about guts. it takes guts to be a regional manager. jim, youre up.
jim:  nope.
michael:  ji.. why not? cmon.
jim:  oh, cause i dont want my feet to get burned.
michael:  you do not have what it takes to be a regional manager.
jim:  thats harsh.
michael:  whos next? andy? wheres andy? andy is never here today
andy:   hello?whos there?my name is andrew bernard, i was with a group called dunder mifflin.hello
kevin:  why dont you go michael?
michael:  because i already did. remember? i burned my foot on a george foreman grill
jim:  and that is not the same at all. if youre going to ask other people to do it, you should do it yourself
michael:  alright. okay. alright. fine. ‘kay.  the mind has to wrap around the foot.  okay.
pam:  do you want us to count to three
michael:  yes. count to three, please.
group:  three. two. one.
michael:  count the other way. count… no, no, count one, two, three, not three, two, one.
group:  one. two. three!go! do it!go, michael
michael:  wait! am i going on go? or am i going on three?
creed:  on the go thats after three.
michael:  okay.
group:  one, two, three, go
dwight:  no! its okay. i will do this michael.
michael:  dont, dont.
dwight:   i will walk and stand on these coals until you award me the position of regional manager!
group:  wow. go, dwight. keep moving.
dwight:   give me the job!give me the job!
michael:  im not going to give it to you.
dwight:   aaagh, aaagh!
group: 
pam:  michael, do something!
dwight:  aggggh, that stings
michael:  being the boss is also about image.ive never looked like that. that was gross. i just, i dont see the connection between a firewalk and management. worst seventy-five bucks i ever spent. you know what, if i had to pick my replacement based on today, it would be mr. “outside hire.
angela:  or mrs. “outside hire.
michael:  yeah.ummm, hmm… true.look, i dont want to leave this branch that i love to an outside hire therefore we are going to have a one hundred point winner take all sudden death tribal council round. to test the aspect of my job that i think is the most important, something i call the bob hope factor.
kelly:  whos bob hope?
michael:  god! hes a comedian.
kelly:  oh, like amanda bynes.
michael:  whos amanda bynes
kelly:  shes from “what a girl wants.
michael:  oh, i love that movie. yes, kelly is right, the person to replace me has to have a great sense of humor and they have to possess the leadership qualities of a bynes or a hope.so without further ado, jim and dwight show us what you got.
jim:  hey, i know what youre looking for, but um, i got to be honest, i really dont think i should be considered as your replacement.
michael:  you are being too modest.
jim:  michael, on thursday im going to drive down and interview with david for the open position in new york.
michael:  hhhh… okay. that is not funny. i am deducting sixty points from voldemort for false pretenses. okay, dwight your turn. wow us.
dwight:  the aristocrats. a man and his wife and his children go into the offices of a talent agency. and the talent agent says, “describe your act.” and the man says something really, really raunchy and the talent representative says, “what do you call yourselves?” and the man says, “the aristocrats!
pam:   oooh, uh hah, ooh! wha-hoo! ahhhh
dwight:   i mean truly repulsive acts.
michael:  that is a very, very funny story.
pam:   hey! i want to say something. ive been trying to be more honest lately and i just need to say a few things. i did the coal walk! just, i did it! michael, you couldnt even do that.maybe i should be your boss? wow, i feel really good right now.why didnt any of you come to my art show? i invited all of you.that really sucked. its like sometimes some of you act like i dont even exist. jim, i called off my wedding because of you. and now were not even friends.and things are just like weird between us, and that sucks. and i miss you. you were my best friend before you went to stamford, and i really miss you. i shouldnt have been with roy. and there were a lot of reasons to call off my wedding. but the truth is, i didnt care about any of those reasons until i met you.and now youre with someone else. and thats… fine. its… whatever. thats not what… im not… okay, my feet really hurt. the thing that im just trying to say to you, jim… and to everyone else in this circle i guess, is that i miss having fun with you. just you, not everyone in the circle. okay, i am going to go walk in the water now. yeah. its a good day.
michael:  pam, that was amazing. but i am still looking for someone with a sales background
group:  flintstones, meet the flintstones.theyre a modern stone-age family. ba-ba-da-da-da.from the town of bedrock, theyre a page right out of history. ba-da-da-da-da.  when youre with the flintstones, have a yabba-dabba-doo time, a dabba-doo time, well have a gay old time!
michael:  wwwwiiiillllmmmmaaaa!
andy:  nice
michael:  so we have about an hour and a half. i suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the party bus. fun on wheels. only way to travel. besides a monorail
phyllis:  well, bob was going to just drive me
michael:  no. no, no, no. no guests today. classic gang only. just us good friends, and karen and andy.
pam:  sometimes michael gets nostalgic and he talks about the classic gang. thats michael, me, jim, dwight, angela, kevin, oscar, stanley, phyllis, creed, meredith, kelly and ryan. were a regular oceans eleven
pam:  jim, david wallace is calling for you
jim:  oh, okay. hello. hey, david. sure
michael:  pam, you broke up with your boyfriend and then kept working together. how did that work out
pam:  you remember you fired roy for attacking jim and i dont talk to him anymore really
michael:  acrimonious
michael:  this way to the party bus. good
meredith:   um, what the hell
michael:  its a bus that takes you to a party. here we go
meredith:  um, i forgot my
michael:  here we go. come on. okay, everybody here
all:  yeah
michael:  then, mr. driver, we are off like a herd of turtles! johnny carson.
dwight:  seat belts fastened, folks. safety first. hey what is all this
michael:  nothing
dwight:  if i guess, will you tell me
michael:  no
dwight:  please
michael:  no
dwight:  is that a sumo suit
michael:  no
dwight:  i know, were putting on a play for japanese investors
michael:  no, we are not
dwight:  please tell me. ive been so good
michael:  you are really annoying me. if you dont knock it off
dwight:  please
michael:  …im never gonna tell you anything ever again. stop it! stop it! stop it
dwight:  please
meredith:  can we please pull over at the next rest stop
michael:  no. were only 10 minutes from the lake
meredith:  pull over! pull over!
michael:  yes, i am choosing my apprentice. which is why i have modeled all my games after survivor.
michael:  any questions
jim:  just one.
michael:  yup
jim:  the torches are lit
michael:  yes, for dramatic affect
jim:  no, michael, people are blindfolded. thats a hazard
michael:  very good, jim. pam, please note that jim is very astute. all right, are we ready
jim:  are you not gonna put out the torches
michael:  set
jim:  okay
michael:  go
phyllis:  i think jim would be a good boss. plus hes eye candy. its ok, bob… vance knows hes on my list. um, george clooney, leonardo dicaprio, jim, and that british guy that got in trouble with a prostitute
andy:  it is an honor just to be considered for michaels job. honestly. and if i win it, then i will be ordering a pretty sizeable most improved player plaque to put over the hole i punched in the wall
michael:   okay. pam, who came out best in the race, in your opinion
pam:  um, karen left her blindfold on the longest but she also threw her egg at jim
michael:  because he wasnt following the rules
pam:  i think they were just having fun
michael:  but they didnt complete their task, pam! if people cant carry an egg in a spoon, blindfolded, then what does that tell you about how they will be able to manage a sales report, or conduct a business call
pam:  it tells me nothing
michael:  exactly. are you sure youre doing that right? taking an awfully long time
pam:  theres 800 of them
michael:  okay, all right
michael:  its very important that you all try to eat as many hotdogs as you can
meredith:  hotdogs are really unhealthy
michael:  son of a bitch. god! okay. all right you know what? here we go. on your mark! get set
phyllis:  is there any mustard
michael:  no mustard! no mustard! just… eat it. eat it, phyllis. dip it in the water so it will slide down your gullet more easily
everyone:  thats what she said
michael:  no, no, no, no, not that— just… come on, you guys, lets do it! im serious. whos got the hungry
dwight:  i do
michael:  whos got the hungry
dwight:  i do
michael:  come on, ryan
dwight:  lets go
michael:  ryan, i want to see you with a hot dog in your mouth. right now
jim:  karen and i are having our own contest to see who can eat the most normal amount of tuna salad in an unspecified but very cofortable amount of time. i dont know what to tell you. right now? dead heat
andy:  keep eating tuna, big tuna. loser
jim:  hes gonna throw up
michael:   ready! go!
phyllis:  the guy who sits behind me and the guy who sits across from me are fighting to see who becomes my boss. 
dwight:   yeah! yeah! yeah! eat sand, you fat, old man
kevin:  oh, im out of it. lets face it, the hot dog-eating contest was my best shot
ryan:  michael, since andy isnt here, maybe i could be the team captain
michael:  you? you havent made a sale
ryan:  i know, but id like to give this a try
michael:  dont try to flirt your way into this. sometimes you really creep me out
andy:   wait!
michael:  andy bernard is in first place with four hot dogs!dwight schrute is a close second with three and a half!here comes stanley!here comes stanley, with three hot dogs
michael:  this is an inflatable sumo suit.  now, in the olden days, when they wanted to find a guy who could be king, they would have him pull a sword out of a stone.well, times have changed.  and its not even about who is the best sumo wrestler.its about who is the best boss.and i dont even care who wins.  its how they wrestle in a blow-up suit…  that will tell me all i need to know  or how sumo…
