michael:   ahhhhhhhhh.  im hungry.
michael:  movie monday!the only cure i know for the monday blues is… varsity blues!
michael:  lets gooooo! lets go, lets go, lets go!
dwight:   take a seat down there.second from the end.
michael:  alright, everybody here?yes.
pam:   popcorn anyone?
michael:  yes pleeeeease!thank yooouuu!
pam:   anyone else?nooo.
pam:  movie monday started with training videos, but we went through those pretty fast.then we watched a medical video.since then, its been half hour installments of various movies, with the exception of an episode of entourage, which michael made us watch six times.
michael:  entourage!
michael:  kevin, would you like to do the scenes from last week?
kevin:  yes!
dwight:  why him?
michael:  dont whine.get the window. 
michael:  previously on varsity blues…
kevin:  ok.billy-bob, got a head injury, but coach made him play.so then lance, he gets sacked, hes out for the year…
jan:   hello?
dwight:  not everyone approves of movie monday.i wont say who.
angela:  i dont approve.i dont.
jan:  hello? 
michael:   hi jan!hope you brought the milk duds!
jan:  how would a movie increase productivity michael?how on earth would it do that?
michael:  people work faster after…
jan:  magically?
michael:  no… they have to… to make up for the time they lost watching the movie.
jan:  no.
angela:   kitchen.
angela:  michael is going to get us all fired.you sat back and let him play that dumb movie, and now jan is peeved off and were all going to lose our jobs.
dwight:  thats not going to happen.
angela:  you know she has it out for him now.
dwight:  thats not his fault!he had to follow his heart!
dwight:  ever since michael dumped jan for carol, jans been bitching out on him.reject a woman and she will never let it go.one of the many defects of their kind.also weak arms.
angela:  dwight, you should be running this office.
dwight:  michael would never let me…
angela:  its not up to michael, its jans call. talk to her.
dwight:  i could never do that!
angela:  fine!sit back and do nothing and let us all get fired!
angela:  i know that patience and loyalty are good, and virtuous traits.but sometimes i just think you need to grow a pair.
jim:  at the stamford branch, they all play this world war ii video game called call of duty, and theyre all really into it.im told it started as a team building exercise.unfortunately i really suck at it.we didnt play many video games in scranton.instead wed do stuff like, uh, pam and i would sometimes hum the same high pitched note, and try to get dwight to make an appointment with an ear doctor.and uh, pam called it… pretendenitus.
pam:   hey kelly, my stuff just got here. 
pam:  kelly really likes to online shop.soooo, i felt like i wanted some new clothes.i mean, i just, i wanted to, it just, i felt like it was time, to maybe um… just get new clothes.
pam:   ok.
kelly:   i love it!
pam:  really?i dont know.
kelly:  you havent even tried it on yet, try it on.
pam:  not at work, ill try it on—
kelly:  fashion show!fashion show!fashion show at lunch!
pam: …noooo
kelly:   fashion show!fashion show!fashion show at lunch!fashion show!fashion show!fashion show at lunch!
andy:  why did you do that?!
jim:  im just killing germans, any way i can.
andy:  were on the german team.shoot the brittish.
jim:   wait, are we playing teams?
karen:   yeah.
dwight:  wah!gah!
jan:   hello?
dwight:  is this jan?
jan:  who is this?
dwight:  this is dwight schrute.i am calling about an extremely sensitive matter.
jan:  you should talk to michael, and hell talk to me, and that way we dont have to speak to each other.
dwight:  its about michael.
jan:  what about him?
dwight:   i cant talk here.its too sensitive. 
jan:  its not about a surprise party is it?
dwight:  no, but we should discuss that another time.
jan:  look, i am already an hour outside of scranton, dwight, im not coming back.
dwight:  pull over at exit 40.there is a liz claiborne outlet.i know you like that store.go inside and shop, until i can meet you.
jan:  how do you know i like that store?
dwight:  many of your blouses are claibornes.
jan:  how do you know that?
dwight:  part of my job.
jan:  no its not.its officially not.
dwight:  …noted.
dwight:   im going… to the dentist.
michael:  ok.
dwight:  i have to have an emergency crown put in.
michael:  ouchy.
dwight:  yes.its a new dentist.hes far.i might be gone… three hours.
michael:  three hours, wow.have fun.
dwight:  did you get anything good?
jan:  yeah.
dwight:  new blouse?halter top?camisole?teddy?
dwight:  i can save the branch.
jan:  really?
dwight:  if you let me run it.
jan:  ok.
dwight:   “ok” i can run it?
jan:  what would you do differently?
dwight:  mostly get rid of waste.which is half the people there.and clean house.right here.its all for me.thank you.
jan:  dwight, you must feel strongly, to speak with me this way, behind michaels back, and turn on so many of your co-workers.
dwight:  the decision to turn on michael was difficult. but once i did it, i didnt look back.and mostly i feel that michael would approve.its really whats best for the branch.and i could care less about my co-workers.so , here we are.its all, on the table.i want… the branch.and i await your decision.
dwight:   oh, by the way.theres a new ann taylor outlet store near here.i know you like their earrings.
jan:   where is it?
jan:   michael.
michael:  hi.
jan:  i just had a very interesting conversation with one of your employees.
michael:  oh.thats nice.
jan:  no, it wasnt.dwight just told me that he thinks he can run the branch better than you.
michael:  …what?
jan: mm-hmm.
michael:  …you were at the dentist?
jan:  you cant have people undermining you.get control of your branch immediately.
michael:  ok.
michael: what was dwight thinking?that he could turn jan against me?shes my ex-lover!…ish.
phyllis:   woooooow.
kelly:  its 
phyllis:  its really something.
pam:   its too much.
kelly:  what?
pam:  im gonna return it.
kelly:  no, you have to keep it today, just see how you feel.
roy:   hey.
pam:  hi.
roy:  you look nice.
pam:  thanks.
kelly:  isnt that like your third soda today?
jim:  yeah i think we can be a big help to your company.ok, see you next week.bye. again?
karen:  scared?
karen:   call of duty!
josh:   andy, jim, can i see you in the conference room for a minute?
andy:  now?
josh:  yes now.
andy:  put the game on hold everyone.
josh:  this is not working, ok?we are getting slaughtered out there.
andy:  its the new guy. 
jim:  oh, im sorry i dont know… what were talking about…
andy:  see what i mean?
josh:  we just need a strategy, ok?were going to set up a trap in the gun room.all right jim, are you using the mp-40 or the 44?
jim:  um, sniper rifle?
josh:  snipe–
andy:  what?
josh:  jim!
andy:  are you playing for the other team?!
josh:  you dont snipe in carrington, ok?
andy:  saboteur!
josh:  andy, its not—
andy:  saboteur!im going to kill you for real.this game— the game is over.im really going to shoot you.
michael:  hey dwight.
dwight:  hey.
michael:  do you want an m&amp;m?
dwight:  no thanks im stuffed.
michael:  no seriously.you should have an m&amp;m, theyre really good.
dwight:  …ok. 
michael:  theyre good, huh?
dwight:  …so good.
michael:  hey.i thought you werent supposed to eat anything for a couple hours after youve had a crown put in.
dwight:  they have this new kind of quick drying bonding, so…
michael:  sounds like a good dentist.
dwight:  oh, yeah.
michael:  whats his name?
dwight:   crentist.
michael:  your dentists name is crentist.
dwight:  yep.
michael:  huh.sounds a lot like dentist.
dwight:  maybe thats why he became a dentist.
michael:  let me see your teeth.let me see em.let me see em.
dwight:  ahh.aaaah.
michael:  you should… floss.
dwight:  i know…
michael:   well then… i am glad youre ok.
michael:  business is like a jungle.and i… am like a tiger.and dwight, is like a monkey, that stabs the tiger in the back with a stick.does the tiger fire the monkey?does the tiger transfer the monkey to another branch? pun.there is no way of knowing what goes on inside the tigers head.we dont have the technology.
michael:  dwight, can i talk to you for a second?
michael:   wow, this is tough.
dwight:  what?
michael: ohhhh.arrrgggh!
dwight:  what is it?
michael:  well, i just got off the phone with jan.and um… she demoted me.
dwight:  no.
michael: yeah. you know what the craziest part of this is? she demoted me to your job!
dwight:  gahh!
michael:  and she said that you should be expecting a call later from corporate, and that um, i guess that means that you are going to be acting manager of dunder mifflin, scranton.
dwight:  i cant believe this news.that— wow.
michael:  i know.i told her i didnt know whether youd wanna do it… because youve always been so loyal to me.youve been my most trusted ally.
dwight:  you said that?
michael:  yep, i did.i did.but i think… you should do it. 
dwight:  well… gosh, if you think i should.then i will.
michael:   perfect, well, were settled.
dwight:  all right.
michael:  all right.well then, you are now acting manager of dunder mifflin scranton branch, and i… am assistant regional manager.
dwight:  assistant to the regional manager.thank you michael, for staying on.i really appreciate it.
michael:  ohh..
dwight:  hey… i cant imagine this place without you.
michael:   cant you?thats so nice.
michael:  well… i guess we should go tell the troops.
dwight:  yeah, when im ready, mike.  ok lets do it.
michael:  hey, hi, hello.everybody, i have some good news, and i have some bad news.i… am being replaced, as your leader, by dwight.
phyllis:  youre kidding…
michael:  you might think that i am kidding, and i understand that.
angela:  congratulations dwight.
dwight:  thank you angela.
stanley:  but… why dwight?
michael:  because, dwight… never lies.
stanley:  how does that qualify him to run a branch?
michael:  because thats all it takes.
michael:  ok, dwight, would you like to say a few words to everybody… about loyalty?
dwight:  thank you michael.i just want to say, to the few of you who will remain under my employ, that i intend to lead you into the black!with ferocity!
phyllis:  michael, what will you do?
michael:  oh, ill be fine.
kevin:  do you have any savings?
michael:  no, no, i dont, but—
kevin:  michael, you might lose your condo.
michael:  i… wont.i wont.
pam:  i have this little vacuum cleaner thats broken.if dwight doesnt work out, maybe that could be manager.
phyllis:  maybe ill quit.
angela: its really happening!
dwight:  yes.
angela:  we can make a difference here.
dwight:  
angela:  you alone?because i thought together we could—
dwight:  oh please, dont be naive.but you can be in charge of the women.
karen:   look how cute he is!hes trying to shoot with a smoke grenade.
jim:  im sorry what are you whispering about?
karen:  im sorry nothing, just concentrate on turning around.
jim:  im trying—
karen:  just tap s then d.
jim:  oh.
karen:   any… last words?no?
jim:  what? 
jim:  wow. psychopath.
pam:  what?
creed:  im just looking.
pam:  please go back to your desk.
creed:  in a minute.
pam: well, i remember why i dress the way i do at work.but im gonna keep the clothes.i mean, itll be cool to just have some after work clothes that arent pajamas.
michael:  well, i guess its time, that i turn over the keys, to the famous sebring.
dwight:   no thank you.
michael:  its a corporate lease dwight, youve earned it.
dwight:  no thanks.
michael:  what?
dwight:  not my style.
michael:  but you said you liked it.youve always admired it.
dwight:  well that was before.im thinking about getting something german, something with decent gas mileage.plus, that convertible, its a ridiculous choice for this climate.
michael:   take it back.
dwight:   no.
michael:  thats my car.
dwight:  what did you—
michael:  thats my car.
dwight:  yes.
michael:  i know, dwight.i know.i know.i know.
dwight:  you know what?
michael:  jan called me about your little meeting!
dwight:  no!
michael:  i know, what you did.i made the whole thing up, dwight.
dwight:  i think the sebrings cool.its cool.the seabrings cool.it has a cassette and it has a cd.
michael:  oh do you?do you like the sebring— how dare you?!how dare you, dwight?
dwight:   dont fire me.please.
michael:  give me one good reason why i should fire you right here on the spot?!
dwight:   i have excellent sales numbers!
michael:  not.good.enough!
dwight:   ill do anything!anything!ill do your laundry for a month!for a year!
michael:  i have a laundry machine!
dwight:  im sorry!ill do anything, i swear. 
michael:  i dont know if i can trust you anymore.
dwight:  you cant.you cant.but i promise ill never betray you again.what can i do, michael.what can i do?what can i do? what can i do?what can i do?
michael:  you can get up.get up.  and you can hug it out, bitch.
michael:  hug it out, bitch.that is what men say to each other, after a fight.they hug it out, and doing so, the just… let it go.and walk away.and theyre done.not a good idea to say that to a woman however.i have found.it doesnt translate.
jim:  
karen:  
michael: yep.yeah, we hugged it out.but, it turns out, i was still a little angry.so, i felt i needed to punish him, just a little bit more,  and im making him do my laundry for a year.
michael:  okay. 
dwight:  hey.  is everything okay?
michael:  it is not your business, dwight.
dwight:  if the branch is in trouble, there are things you can do.
michael:  what do you know about management, dwight?
dwight:  i know that we need to cut costs.we could fire meredith. thats a big cost.
michael:  im not firing anyone.
dwight:  creed might be living here, we could charge him rent.
michael:  … what?
creed:  four nights a week, i sleep under my desk, and then three nights i stay at my place in toronto. they dont know about this job up there. its a welfare state. beautiful countries, both of em.
michael:  okay. here we go. everybody, you know what? it dawned on me we were all in there watching a movie together before we were so rudely interrupted, lets get back in there.  come on. movie monday! come on, stanley lets go.
stanley:   im on the phone.
michael:  ryan?
ryan:  im pretty sure jan said that were not supposed to.
michael:  okay, well, we had scheduled this time to watch a movie together, so i guess i will just go play some online scrabble.
dwight:  
angela:  
dwight:  the schrutes are a very loyal breed. but i also have mannheim blood from my german grandmother. and the mannheims knew when to cut and run. no sense going down with a losing regime. but the schrute blood… its amazing that when these two bloods mix, the whole thing didnt explode.
michael:  so, she sleeps with him, but she is still in love with the head surgeon, um, the mcdreamy guy, and she starts crying, but the dorky doctor, hes in love with her… 
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam. … uh, sure, ill get him for you.  its jan for you.
michael:  really?
pam:  yeah.
pam:  i may have a few weeks ago faked a call from jan in order to get out of a synopsis of, i think it was, navy: ncis. since then, michaels been suspicious.
kevin:  nnnnice. wow!
jim:   oh? someones left out in the open, taking a little siesta. not smart.  yes! finally killed you… 
jan:  hey, jim?
jim:  hey, jan.
jan:  hows work going?
jim:   pretty good.
jan:   oh, you know what, i gotta see josh right now, but remind me to tell you what dwight said to me earlier, okay? youll get a big kick out of it. 
jim:  
jim:  things are a little bit… different here in stamford.  its not bad
