michael:  hey ryan, can i get you a pencil from the warehouse
ryan:  uh, no thanks, im good
michael:  oh, its okay, im going down
ryan:  um…yeah, absolutely
michael:  all right, ill be right back.
dwight:   whoo
michael:  there you go
dwight:  awesome
ryan:  thank you
michael:  youre welcome
dwight:  michael, can you get me a pen from down in the warehouse
michael:  dont mind if i do.see you in a minute
dwight:  okay.  whoo
michael:  there you go, fresh from the warehouse
pam:  hey michael, would you get me some coffee from the warehouse
michael:  theres coffee in the kitchen, pam
pam:  but the warehouse coffee tastes so much better.
ryan and others:  yeah.yes, its better.its great
michael:   all right.okay.
michael:  i am like bette midler in for the boys.gotta keep the troops entertained
pam:   with cream and sugar
michael:   all right
jan:   so, i wanted to let you know that we lost ed truck
michael:  oookay.let me see if i have his cell.is this the only reason you are calling, jan?or does somebody miss me
jan:  michael, ed died over the weekend
michael:  oh, wow
michael:  attention, everybody.i just received a call from corporate with some news they felt that i should know first.my old boss ed truck has died
kelly:  oh, michael, thats such terrible news!you must feel so sad
michael:  yes, i am.its very sad.because he was my boss
phyllis:  thats a shame.ed was a good guy
michael:  thats right, you worked with him.so did creed.well, ill be in my office in case anybody wants to drop by.cheer me up
michael:  so did you hear the news
pam:  the news that you just announced?that ed died
michael:  yeah
pam:  is there anything i can do
michael:  oh, gosh, what can anybody do, really?its… pssssh… .he was almost 70.circle of life
pam:  yeah
michael: 
pam:  oh.okay
michael:  yeah.mmmmmm
pam:   okay
josh:  whats going on with fairfield county schools?karen, did you generate that price list
karen:  um, shoot.uh, i will.sorry
josh:  okay, just get it done.jim, will you make sure
jim:  oh yeah, definitely
andy:   suck up!josh, did you hear what i said
josh:  thank you, everyone
karen:   dammit
jim:  whats up
karen:  uh, nothing.theyre just out of herrs chips
jim:  oh
karen:  but dont worry about it.my snack food doesnt fall under the umbrella of your authority
jim:  mmm, thats where youre wrong.im your project supervisor today, and i have just decided that were not doing anything until you get the chips that you require.so, i think we should go get some.now, please
creed:  its a real shame about ed, huh
michael:  yeah.must really have you thinkin
creed:  about what
michael:  the older you get, the bigger the chance is youre gonna die.you knew that
creed:  ed was decapitated
michael:  what
dwight:  really
creed:  he was drunk as a skunk, he was flying down route 6.he slides under an 18 wheeler.pop.it snaps right off
michael:  oh my god
dwight:  that is the way to go.instant death.very smart
creed:  you know a human can go on living for several hours after being decapitated
dwight:  youre thinking of a chicken
creed:  what did i say
michael:  that is just not the way a dunder mifflin manager should go, im sorry.alone, out of the blue, and not even have his own head to comfort him
michael:   so, im not exactly sure how to say this…
dwight:  ed was decapitated
michael:  what are you doing
dwight:  you said you didnt know how to say it
michael:  i didnt… he was driving on the road and he went under a truck.and thats when his head was separated from the rest of him.and i will let you know more as soon as i find out
dwight:  hey
angela:  hi
dwight:  if my head ever comes off, i would like you to put it on ice
angela:  i do not wanna talk about this
dwight:  when i die, i wanna be frozen. and if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it.i will wake up stronger than ever because i will have used that time to figure out exactly why i died and what moves i could have used to defend myself better now that i know what hold he had me in
michael:  i dont understand. we have a day honoring martin luther king, but he didnt even work here.
jan:   i understand how you feel, michael.i really do.so, would it be helpful to give everyone the day off
michael:  you really dont get it, do you?you dont understand these people.that is the last thing that they would want is a day off.
jan:  well, what would you suggest
michael:   a statue
jan:  of ed
michael:  yeah
jan:   im not sure thats realistic
michael:  well, i think it would be very realistic, it would look just like him.
jan:  no, thats not
michael:  we could have his eyes light up, we could have his arms move…
dwight:  that is not a statue, that is a robot
michael:  i think that is a great way to honor ed
dwight:  and how big do you want this robot?
michael:  life-size
dwight:  mm, no.better make it two-thirds.easier to stop if it turns on us
jan:  what the hell are you two talking about
michael:  well, we are talking about how to properly honor a man who gave his life as regional manager of this company, jan
jan:  you know what, michael?ive really tried with you today…
michael:  mm hm
jan:  …and i have to get back to work.
michael:  oh do you?you know who wished they could get back to work is ed truck
jan:  so call me when you feel like having a real conversation
michael:  but ed truck cant because he is
jan:  goodbye.
michael: dead
dwight:  look  i gave him a six foot extension cord so he cant chase us
michael:  thats perfect
jim:  okay, that is a “no” on the on the west side market
karen:  okay, great.i think thats enough.can i get back to work now
jim:  wow.never pegged you for a quitter
karen:  i am not a quitter.i will do this all day if you want.
jim:  really
karen:  yeah, all day
andy:  hey.what are we doing?whats the game?i want in
jim:  oh, theres no game.were just trying to get these chips for karen
andy:  did you check the vending machine?
karen:  oh, the vending machines!how did we miss that
jim:  i have no idea.we went right for the copier
karen:  mm
jim:  and then we checked the fax machine
karen:  yeah, nothing there
andy:  did you check your… butt
michael:  oohh… can you imagine how much blood there was?if it happened right here, it would reach all the way to reception.probably get on pam
phyllis:  okay thats enough
michael:  what
stanley:  we do not wanna hear about this
michael:  well, you know what?i didnt wanna hear about it either, stanley, but i did and now i cant stop picturing it.he leaves work, hes on his way home… wham!his cappa is detated from his head
stanley:  you have just spit on my face
michael:  well, you know what?theres something wrong with you.there is something wrong with everybody in here.because we have lost a member of our family and you dont wanna talk about it, you dont wanna think about it, you just wanna get back to work
michael:  there are five stages to grief, which are  denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance.and right now, out there, theyre all denying the fact that theyre sad.and thatshard.and its making them all angry.and it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance.and if not acceptance, then just depression.if i can get them depressed, then ill have done my job
michael:  i am going to throw you this ball.when you catch the ball, i want you to say the name of a person very important to you, somebody really special who died, and then i want you to say how they died, and you may cry if you like, that is encouraged.let me just start.let me show you how this works.i catch the ball.i lost ed truck.and… it feels like somebody took my heart and dropped it into a bucket of boiling tears… and at the same time, somebody else is hitting my soul in the crotch with a frozen sledgehammer… and then a third guy walks in and starts punching me in the grief bone… and im crying, and nobody can hear me, because i am terribly, terribly… terribly alone.
roy:  excuse me, im sorry to interrupt, uh, i need to see pam.there seems to be, like, something wrong with the radiator in her car.
michael:  okay, fine.hurry back
roy:   theres nothing wrong with your car.i just thought you might like a break from the “grief counseling” session
pam:  oh.i would like a break
roy:  how are you likin the new car
pam:  great
roy:  yeah?sure is small.got airbags
pam:  i think so.i dont know, i was mainly focused on the cup holders
roy:  well, youre not still driving so fast, are you?yeah
jim:  hi, yeah.this is mike from the west side market.well, we get a shipment of herrs salt and vinegar chips, and we ordered that about three weeks ago and havent … . yeah.you have em in the warehouse.great.what is my store number… six.wait, no.ill call you back.  shut up .
karen:   six
michael:   okay, we can start.um…
pam:  you waited for me
michael:  yeah.pam, youre a member of this family.so we will wait for our family members. phyllis, you wanna give it a shot
dwight:   i got it.when my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins.when they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered, that i had resorbed the other fetus.do i regret this?no.i believe his tissue has made me stronger.i now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.
michael:  okay, why dont you throw the ball to somebody else.
stanley:   nope
michael:   oh, yes stanley.come on.your turn, you have to go
stanley:  i will not.
michael:  okay… im going to toss the ball to pam
pam:  lets see.i had an aunt that i was really close to.she was this amazing female boxer.um, anyway, she was injured in a fight, and she was paralyzed.so, you can imagine how upset i was when i found out that she asked her manager to remove her breathing tube so she could die
michael:  wow.if you wanna cry, thats okay
ryan:  thanks.um, a few years ago, my family was on a safari in africa and, um, my cousin, mufasa was um, he was trampled to death by a pack of wildebeests and, um, we all… took it really hard.all of us kind of in the audience of what happened
michael:  do you want to talk about it anymore
ryan:  oh, it would probably take me like an hour and a half to tell that whole story.
kevin:  me, me, me, me, me me. yes.okay, um.i was trying to throw this party once.and everyone was over for the weekend.and then my uncle bernie died, and so me and my best friend, we hadto pretend like he was alive, so…
michael:  wait a second.thats weekend at bernies.  do you think that this is a game?
phyllis:  well, there is a ball.
michael:  all right, were starting over.
stanley:  no, im done
michael:  you are not leaving.no!we are not done
angela:  we really have a lot of work to do right now
michael:  yeah.well, you know what?the guy who had my job has died.and nobody cares!and he sat at my desk.
toby:  michael, look.i know this is hard for you, but deaths just a part of life.i mean, just this morning i saw a little bird fly into the glass doors downstairs and die.and i had to keep going
michael:  how do you know
toby:  what
michael:  that that bird was dead?did you check its breathing
toby:  it was obvious…
michael:  was its heart beating, toby?did you check it?no, of course you didnt.youre not a veterinarian.you dont know anything!
dwight:  michael!  michael.michael …
michael:   oh, god
dwight:   oh…
michael:  oh my god!oh my god, come on …
dwight:  poor little fella
michael:  oh shhhh–oot
dwight:  he is a goner.
michael:  no, hes not
dwight:  yeah
michael:  no, hes not.
dwight:  michael, get him away from your head!he is covered in germs and bacteria
michael:  well, you cant get diseases from a bird
angela:  a dead bird should not be in the kitchen
michael:  we dont know if its dead
kelly:  ugh, no that thing is 
dwight:  you want me to flush him
michael:  attention everybody.this will only take a second of your time.today at 4 p.m. we will be meeting in the parking lot to have a funeral service for this bird
meredith:  i have a lot of work to do
michael:  well, im sorry to inconvenience you, meredith.but that is what you do when things die.you honor them.toby killed this bird.and now we are going to honor it
angela: but…
michael:  no, no, no!thats enough!you know what?this bird is dead.he died alone.the least you can do is be there for him now.  find a box for him
karen:  im calling a supermarket in montreal.
jim:  nice
karen:   bonjour.je cherche des tchips de la marque herrs.non?ah… merci quand meme.au revoir
jim:  sounded good
karen:  thanks
kelly: 
michael:  its okay.its okay.  shh… yes, i know, i know. its been a tough day, but its good to let it show
kelly:  i mean, how many times to i have to confirm with ryan  for him to know that we have a date tonight
dwight:   argh… gah
michael:  what are… what are you doing
dwight:  what?no, this is about the right size
michael:  no, god, no its not!what is the matter with you?is that the beak!
dwight:  im sorry, i grew up on a farm.we slaughtered a pig whenever we wanted bacon.my grandfather was reburied in an old oil drum.  it would have fit if he had given me another minute
dwight:  i need a box.i need a box.a small box… not too confining
pam:  is it for the bird
dwight:  yeah
pam:  i have it covered.
dwight:  oh, thank you
pam:  if you wanna do something for the funeral
dwight:  yes, please
pam:  maybe you could play a song on your recorder
dwight:  excellent
pam:  do you have it with you
dwight:  always.
pam:  did i wake up this morning thinking id be throwing together a bird funeral?you never can tell what your day here isgonna turn into
karen:   whered you find them
jim:  whered i find what
jim:  i called the manufacturer, who referred me to distributor, who referred me to the vending machine company, who told me that they sell them in the machines in the building next door
michael:  glad you could all make it
kelly:  you told us we had to
michael:  dwight, do you have the box
pam:  actually, i have it.
michael:  you made this?wow.  thats… thats very nice
ryan:  when i was five my mom told me that my fish went to the hospital in the toilet and it never came back so we had a funeral for it.and i remember thinking “im a little too old for this.”and i was 
pam:  id also like to say a few words if thats okay
michael:  yes
pam:  what do we know about this bird?you might think, “not much.its just a bird.”but we do know some things.we know it was a local bird.maybe its that same bird that surprised oscar that one morning with a special present from above
kevin:  oh, i remember that.that was so funny.
pam:  and we know how he died.flying into the glass doors.but you know what?i dont think he was being stupid.i think he just really, really wanted to come inside our building to spread his cheer and lift our spirits with a song
dwight:  hes not a songbird.
michael:  shhh
pam:  an impression, then.lastly, we cant help but notice that he was by himself when he died, but of course, we all know that doesnt mean he was alone.because im sure that there were lots of other birds out there who cared for him very much.he will not be forgotten.
angela:   amen
dwight: 
pam:   just smile for me and let the day begin.you are the sunshine that lights my heart within… on the wings of love 
michael:  society teaches us thathaving feelings and crying is bad and wrong. well, thats baloney, because grief isnt wrong. there is such a thing as good grief. just ask charlie brown
dwight:  lets get back to work
hannah:  hey jimmy. want to see some pictures of my baby
jim:  umm… sure
hannah:   here he is
jim:   hes so cute
hannah:  and heres his first bath. warning: contains nudity
jim:  thats okay.  oh, no, its not. im sorry, is that your husband in the tub with him
hannah:  you think we should have left our baby in the tub alone?  talk to me when you have kids
jim:  sounds good
jan:   ed truck died over the weekend
michael:  oh, wow. he
jan:  yeah. and i know… i know he was your boss, so i thought you should know
michael:  does his family know
jan:  yes, they know, michael
michael:  but im the first in the office
jan:  i guess, yes. i think it would be appropriate for you to make an announcement to your team, in case they want to pay their respects
michael:  okay, yes, sure, i will do that
jan:  good
michael:  …cause im the first to to find out. nobody else knows and it is my responsibility to tell them. well, good. how are you holding up? want me to come over? 
michael:  ed truck died. and it blows. they say that with grief, time makes it worse, which is bad for me because i found out before anybody so ive had more time to be sad
dwight:  attention, everyone. as you know, ed truck is dead. if you have any contact information on rolodex files or in microsoft outlook, remove it now. also, if you have any photographs, pam will make her shredder available during lunch. that is all.
dwight:  remembering the dead doesnt help anybody. the way to best honor them is to figure out what killed them and prevent that thing from killing anyone ever again. in this case, some sort of steel exoskeleton to protect the neck, or else a device that allows the head to live separately from the body. im working on both
michael:  i would like you all to clear your schedules this afternoon, because i am telling corporate to send in a grief counselor. we need to find out what is blocking you. and that way, well be able to honor ed the way he deserves to be honored. may he rest in peace
kevin:  …ces.
michael:  what was that, kevin
kevin:  nothing
michael:  no, you said something, didnt you
kevin:  may he rest in pieces.  you know, because theres, like, two pieces of him
michael:  you think thats funny
kevin:  no.
michael:  you are disgusting
dwight:  michael, no need to call corporate. we are supposed to use toby. hes trained as a grief counselor
michael:  no, that cant be right
toby:  well, i am trained in grief counseling, but, ahh, i dont think thats what they need right now
michael:  well, then i guess that makes you about the worst grief counselor in the world, doesnt it
roy:  hey there
pam:  hi
roy:  so hows your day going
pam:  well, i will be spending the entire afternoon in grief counseling for someone ive never met
roy:  that sucks.  you guys got it much harder up here
pam:  closer to the epicenter, i guess
roy:   cool, all right
toby:  well, as you know, ed truck passed away. so, im here to talk about it if anyone would like to
kevin:  not really
michael:  youre ruining it, already. they should not be given the choice.
ryan:  i did not know ed truck. so i will probably spend the day zoning out and planning my weekend. i think ed would have wanted it that way
toby:  is anyone having any trouble eating
kevin:  no
toby:  concentrating? is anyone having trouble getting their work done today
stanley:  im having trouble getting my work done today
toby:  well, look, sometimes things crop up later. so, uhh, you should know im always available if anyone would like to talk
michael:  wow. wow. no. no. you are the most heartless, soulless person ive ever met
toby:  michael, im sorry
michael:  no. no. shh. enough. it is going to take me hours to undo all the damage that your have done here. dwight, ryan, i want you to take the table out. were gonna go on a five minute break, and when you come back, were going to start with a clean slate, and, in the interim, i would like you to forget everything that toby has said, okay?
michael:  i dont think im overstating it when i say that toby is a plague on this company. and he is worthless. you give people a chance to shine and they blow it, just like you knew they would. grief counseling is not about, “are you hungry? would you like a sandwich?” these people are so far gone, you have to stick a food tube down their throats
michael:  okay, part of the problem was that toby talked at you. now, i am going to talk with you. first off, i want you to be comfortable, because you really cant grieve if youre all tight and buttoned up. so, guys, loosen your ties, just take your jackets off if you want. ladies, let your hair down. you know what? even take your shoes off. i wanna get personal and i want you all to really open up. and i want you to know that anything and everything can be said
angela:  okay. i dont think kevin should take his shoes off.
kevin:  my feet do not smell. angela knows that hyperhidrosis is a medically diagnosed condition.
michael:  i found an exercise in tobys binder that he managed to miss, that involves screening the part of you that says, “i dont wanna do that. i dont wanna talk about that. that is too private.” heres how it works. im going to throw you this ball.
toby:  yeah, the ball-throwing exercise is in the binder. its in the section marked, “fun ways to make brainstorming sessions explode with excitement and creativity.
roy:  hey, my cousin billy, they just had the twins
pam:  really
roy:  yeah
pam:  wow, i thought that was supposed to be, like, next month
roy:  yeah, i know. i guess they couldnt wait. ill bring in a picture if you
pam:  yeah, id love to see them. oh, and tell them i say, “congratulations.
roy:  sure
pam:  i should probably head back in
roy:  yeah
pam:  but, umm, thanks for the break
roy:  no problem.
michael: 
pam:  michael once told me that home alone is the saddest movie ever. when i asked him why, he said, “because the whole family forgets the kid at home. there is nothing funny about that.
michael:  thats… hold it, hold it, hold it. start, like, right in there.  just dig
dwight:  ow! god
michael:  okay, give it to me. you dont know what youre doing. all right.
man:  hey! hey! what are you guys doing over there
michael:  nothing. lets just… all right.  guys, do you have a box we could use
