kelly:  here you go
michael:  nice dress, ryan
kelly:  its not a dress. its a kurta
michael:   ok
michael:  tonight, one of our most ethnic co-workers, kelly, has invited us all to a diwali celebration put on by her community. what is diwali, you may ask? well, to have kelly explain it  its ada blah blah blah, its so super fun and its going to be great.  lot of gods with unpronounceable names. twenty minutes later you find out that is essentially a hindu halloween
kelly:  you look so handsome
pam:  really you do. i love the material
kelly:  i know
michael:  how come you didnt get me one
kelly:  i
phyllis:  ok, so, between merediths mini-van and if i borrow bobs yukon that should fit about twelve people.
pam:  i actually might not go. feeling kind of tired.
meredith:  do you want to make appletinis and watch ‘sex and the city at my place
pam:  oh, i dont know. i havent decided yet
kelly:  i dont get why you wont go. did i do something wrong? i mean, i thought we were really close friends
pam:  i just feel kind of tired, you know
dwight:  maybe youve got mono
pam:  maybe. i just …i dont really have anyone to go with
kelly:  well, go with dwight. hes single, too. right
dwight:  yeah, totally single. hundred percent available
kevin:  are you guys going to this indian thing tonight
roy:  i dont know. whos… uh, whos going
kevin:  oooh. do you mean like, is pam going
angela:  dont go. they eat monkey brains
michael:  hey. hey. stop that. that is offensive. indians do not eat monkey brains. and if they do… sign me up… because i am sure that they are very tasty and nutritional
michael:  its important that this company celebrates its diversity. and you know what, stanley? come kwanzaa time, i have got you covered, baby.
stanley:  i dont celebrate kwanzaa
michael:  wha? really? you should! its fun
michael:  i love the people here. and if there was one thing i di… dont really care for is that they can be terribly, terribly ignorant about other cultures. and i dont want them embarrassing me in front of my girlfriend, carol
michael:  diwali is a very important holiday for the hindus. but, frankly, im a little appalled that none of you know very much about indian culture. so, without further ado, kelly you are on.
kelly:  um… diwali is awesome… and theres food… and theres going to be dancing… and… oh! i got the raddest outfit. it has, um
michael:  kelly
kelly:  sparkles…
michael:  um… why dont you tell us a little bit about the origins of the holiday
kelly:  oh, um… i dont know. its really old, i think
angela:  how many gods do you have
kelly:  like hundreds, i think. maybe more than that
angela:   and that blue busty gal? whats her story
kevin:  she looks like pam from the neck down.
dwight:  pam wishes.  kelly, ill take this one. diwali is a celebration of the coronation of the god-king rama. after his epic battle with ravana, the demon king of lanka. it symbolizes the battle between good and evil…
michael:  all right, all right, all right, all right. this isnt ‘lord of the rings
jim:  sorry
jim:  i started biking into work. josh does it and he lives a lot farther away than i do. and also it saves gas money, keeps me in shape… helps the environment. and now i know it makes me really sweaty for work
karen:  nice basket
jim:  thank you
michael:  now, a lot of people say that kelly is one in a million and thats true, but its also not true. because, frankly, there are literally billions of people just like kelly in the world.here are some famous indians.  subrahmanyan chandrasekhar. he is a nobel prize-winning physicist. impressive. apu from the simpsons. hilarious. indian. m. night shyamalan. ‘the village, ‘unbreakable, ‘sixth sense, ‘sig… 
dwight:  i see dead people.
michael:  okay. spoiler… alert.
dwight:  he was dead the whole time
michael:  just stop it.  whats the… oh, whoa!  where did that come from
tony:  karen, my chips got stuck in the vending machine again. i need your skinny, little arms.
karen:  oh. did you shake it
tony:  yeah, i shook it, i shook it
andy:  we have such a roller coaster thing, karen and i
jim:  ‘scuse me
andy:  roller-coastery friendship. hot. cold. on again. off again. sexual tension filled type of deal. its very sam and diane
jim:  wow
andy:  from ‘cheers
jim:  yup
michael:  and another thing about the indian people… they love sex positions. i present to you the kama sutra. i mean look at that. whos seen that before?
creed:  i have. thats the ‘union of the monkey.
meredith:  oh, thats what they call it
kevin:  this is the best meeting weve ever had
michael:  thank you, kevin
angela:  i find this incredibly offensive.
michael:  well, i find it beautiful
angela:  well, whatever kelly wants to do in her own house is fine but we shouldnt all be subjected to it
michael:  no…
toby:  actually, shes right. this isnt appropriate. why dont i take these
michael:  no, youre not going to collect them
toby:  yes
michael:  no. this is delightful, charming culture
michael:  my indian culture seminar was going great until toby decided that he was too immature to deal with culturally explicit images. its just sex. people… everybody does it. im doing it… with carol! probably tonight
josh:  all right. think you guys should be all set. oh, heres the corporate card for dinner.
karen:  thanks
josh:  and karen? lets keep it to twenty dollars a person this time.
karen:  got it
jim:  once a quarter, the sales staff at this branch has to stay late to do order form consolidation… which, amazingly, is even less interesting than it sounds
andy:  you guys ready to party?
jim:  whats that?
andy:  i said are you ready to party
phyllis:  isnt this fun? not wearing shoes
angela:  i wish some of us still had our shoes on
kevin:  stop it. its a disease! ive told you
carol:   i thought you said this was a costume party
michael:   what does that look like to you
carol:  an indian woman in a sari
michael:  no ones even going to notice
kevin:  nice outfit
michael:  hey, kevin. its a costume. why dont you just cool it, okay? carol? carol
michael:  ill have one of those as well. thank you very much. now these are limes, lemons, onions…
angela:  im a vegetarian. what can i eat
server:  its all vegetarian
angela:  ill just have some bread. you used your hands
michael:  oh, yuck. 
carol:  what? too spicy
michael:  no. these smores are disgusting
carol:  theyre not smores. theyre samosas
michael:  do you think they have any smores
michael:  all they are is chocolate, graham cracker, and marshmallow. how difficult would that have been
ryan:  so, youre kellys sisters, huh?
girls:   kelly zach braff
ryan:  what
kelly:  ruka, nipa, tiffany. stop acting like such little losers and just be cool. come on, ryan. come on. leave him alone. i hate you guys.
ryan:  they said something about zach braff
kelly:  dont even listen to them. theyre so
ryan:  no, you dont
pam:  very official
pam:  i decided to come. uh… i feel a little under-dressed… but at least im not dressed like a slutty cheerleader, right? is that mean
dwight:  temp! temp! pflut! pflut
kelly:  i dont even want to hear it. okay. i didnt come this diwali to get yelled at
kelly’s mom:  stop it right now. ryan is a temporary worker, makes no money. wally is a whole doctor. so handsome
kelly:  uh… excuse me. i want to get a…
kelly’s mom:  hes a perfect match
andy:  hey, big tuna, you ready
jim:  yep
andy:  one. two. three. shot
jim:  oh, holy mother of god
andy:  oh, that burns! golly. um…
jim:  good
karen:  ooh
overhead:   looking so crazy, my baby. im not myself lately. im foolish. i dont do this. ive been playing myself. baby i dont care. cuz your love got the best of me. and baby youre making a fool of me
michael:  wow, thirty years? and you two only met once before the wedding night
kelly’s father:  yes
michael:  wow
kelly’s father:  how long have you been married to the cheerleader
michael:  oh! shes not a cheerleader. she thought this was a costume party! um… no, were not married… yet
kelly’s mom:  she is very fair
michael:  she is. very fair and very kind. so… um… tell me, is your marriage the kind of thing where when you die she has to throw herself on a fire? no? okay. its still very cool. ok. thanks
andy:  one. two. three. shot
jim:  oh
carol:  are you okay
michael:  im going to be.  hi, im just going to get this for a sec… just a sec.  um… everyone? im sorry, could i have your attention, please. thank you. ah-hah… hi. sorry. i just have an announcement to make. um… okay. i have learned a lot about indian culture tonight. but i have learned even more about love. and i know youre all thinking ‘who is this crazy gringo and what is he talking about? well, im not crazy. maybe im crazy in love. so without further ado, carol? carol stills. i would like you to do me the honor of making me your husband.
crowd:  awww
carol:  oh, michael.
michael:  what do you say
carol:  can we talk about this in private
michael:  i didnt hear you.
carol:   can we talk about this in private
michael:   oh, youve got to be kidding me. okay
michael:  no. i get it. i get it. youre not ready. well wait. this is a classic…
carol:  this is the ninth date, michael
michael:  yeah, well, but i … i feel like ive known you many lifetimes. maybe im hindu after all. okay, im not hindu, but… carol. carol, i just… i feel like… i just like you so much
carol:  i better go. okay, you can find a way home, all right?
michael:  yes
carol:  okay
michael:  ok. okay. good night.  hey, you know what? why dont i come with you. cause ive got this book called the kama sutra
carol:  okay, good night, michael
michael:  all right. good night
ryan:  well, i was a temp but i got promoted. so, um… the compensation is a lot more competitive.
kelly’s mom:  so youre saving money…
ryan:  yes
kelly’s mom:  …to start a family and home
ryan:  oh, um… or travel. and,um… and buy an xbox
kelly’s father:  is there anything you wanted to ask us tonight
pam:  can you believe my boss proposed to his girlfriend in public? that is so michael
young man:  is it? hes really outgoing, huh
pam:  yeah. hey, would you excuse me for a second
pam:  its hot in there. hows the naan
angela:  dry. you look like you were having fun
pam:  i am. you should come dance with us
angela:  i have to watch our shoes so they dont get stolen. who were you texting
pam:  no one
andy:   i went to the doctor. i went to the mountains. i looked to the children…
karen:  andy, no acappella.
andy:   i looked to the children, i drank from the fountain
andy and jim:   theres more than one answer to these questions pointing me in a crooked line
andy:  wait, wait
andy and jim:   the less i seek my source…
karen:  oh, come on, guys. please
andy and jim:   the closer i am to fi-i-i-ne. the closer i am to.
karen:  its not good
andy and jim:   fi-i-i-ine!
andy:  tuna! are you kidding me!
michael:  oh, god!  oh. wow
pam:  here.
michael:  thats so spicy
pam:  yeah
michael:  oh. you waiting for a call
pam:  uh… no
michael:  wow. pam. when carol said ‘no. tonight, i think i finally realized how you must be feeling. we are both the victims of broken engagements
pam:  well, you were never really engaged
michael:  i was in that marriage arena, though
pam:  yeah
michael:  yeah. uuuuh… well
pam:  i kind of thought something would happen tonight too
michael:  were so alike. so alike.
pam:  what are you doing
michael:  what are you doing
pam:  im rejecting your…
michael:  im… what? i didn
pam:  …kiss
michael:   can i have a ride home
pam:  if you sit in the back
karen:  goodnight, guys
jim:  can i have a ride, man? i… uh… i have my bike
andy:  no way, dude. i am not driving home. i have brought an inflatable bed for just such occasions. youre welcome to share it though. its a roomy twin
jim:  okay
jim:  oh
karen:  hey dummy, get in the car
jim:  im a drunk driver
karen:  yes, you are. here. let me take that. just… uh… get in the car
jim:  man, you can really hold your liquor, billabelli
karen:  yeah, you cant
jim:  no kidding. and i am just going to lie down in the back, if thats all right
karen:  sure. heres your bag. just dont puke on anything. you okay
jim:  so good
karen:  good
michael:  these are not my shoes. this is just like that show ‘taxi cab confessions
pam:  you say one more word; im stopping the car
michael:  sorry
michael:  this is going out to indians everywhere. its a tribute to one of the greats… mr. adam sandler.  diwali is a festival of lights. let me tell you something. tonight has been one crazy night. so put on your saris, its time to celebrate diwali. everybody looks so jolly. but its not christmas, its diwali. the goddess of destruction kali stopped by to celebrate diwali. dont invite any zombies to a celebration of diwali. along came polly to have some fun at diwali. if youre indian and you love to party, have ahappy, happy, happy, happy diwali. happy diwali
crowd: 
michael:  how do i explain this to jan
kelly:  um, well, basically, its like a really big party, and everybody gets super-dressed up, and theres a bunch of different gods, and each of the gods has a special power, like the care bears, you know
michael:  oh, please, stop talking. three words or less
kelly:  like, an indian halloween
michael:  an indian halloween. okay, great.  pam, could you put jan on, please
pam:   michael, youre on with jan
michael:  hello, jan
jan:  michael, what is this about you letting everyone leave work early today
michael:  well, i was letting everybody go to the big diwali party
jan:  what is diwali
michael:  what is diwali
jan:  yes
michael:  you dont know what diwali is? wow, jan. im surprised. its the hindu festival of lights. i just assumed youd be familiar with it. its the most sacred and honored hindu holiday in the world. its like christmas, easter, and halloween
jan:  mich
michael:  —rolled into one
jan:  oh
michael:  i bet youre not even aware that our own kelly kapoor, who works in
kelly:  um, customer service
michael:  … customer service is a hindu person
jan:  oh
michael:  and
jan:  yes, of course, i know kelly
michael:  yeah
jan:  i thought she was muslim
kelly:  what? im not muslim
jan:  well, i think it sounds lovely. i think it sounds like a good idea
michael:  you do
jan:  yes, of course. its important to celebrate our companys rich diversity. and, and in fact, michael, if you had planned better, we might have been able to charter a bus to the event
michael:  oh, i dunno about that
jan:  —or, or, or been a sponsor for the party itself
michael:  for kelly, that seems a bit much
jan:  hey, one person is an integral part of the fabric
michael: 
kelly:  shes so wonderful
michael:  yeah, you should see her naked
michael:  i had promised carol a romantic evening on the town. um, i wanted to take her on this spooky hay ride thing, but it was like seventy dollars a person, and shes allergic to hay. so i said, “pop a claritin, and i will spot you the seventy bucks,” and shes like “i dont like to borrow money or take unnecessary medication.”and im like, “well youre really not gonna like what i slipped in your drink last night.” and shes like, “what the hell are you talking about?” and im like, “im kidding. i didnt put a roof…”  … we laughed so hard… it was hilarious… oh…  so yes, im very excited about the diwali party
kevin:  for diwali 07, you must consider scrantonicity. for a fraction of the cost of this dj, you could have the rocking sound stylings of a police cover band
mrs. kapoor:  no police cover
kevin:  no, okay, well, let me send you a demo, and… better yet, ill give kelly the demo, and she can give it to you. itll save us both on postage
mr. kapoor: 
kevin:  excellent
carol:  youre the temp
ryan:  um, yeah.  ryan
carol:  hi, im carol
ryan:  hi, nice to meet you
carol:  the wavy brown hair and blue eyes
ryan:  ah
carol:  michael talks about you… a lot
ryan:  yeah
carol:  top of your class at business school, and you live on shady hill road, right
ryan:  wow, um… sorry you had to
dwight:  does michael talk about 
carol:   yes
dwight:  he does? what does he say
carol:  he says… “i love him.” he loves you
andy:  at cornell, in my fraternity, my house name was “hubble” because i was so good at finding a party. i was like a powerful space telescope, so… freshman year, when my skin was still really bad, they called me el guapo
andy:  yeah. big tuna, tuna
jim:  nope, i got eel
andy: 
karen:   eel… eel
andy:  didnt see that coming
michael:  and perhaps the most important person to indian culture, sir ben kingsley. because of him, the british left india, and then he became an actor like ronald reagan
pam:  michael
michael:  yeah
pam:  your shirt is buttoned wrong
michael:  so, any questions
