karen:  hey
jim:  hey
karen:  who are you faxing so early in the morning
jim:  oh, umm… kinda hard to explain
jim: i dont have a ton of contact with the scranton branch, but, before i left, i took a box of dwights stationery, so, from time to time, i send dwight faxes. from himself. from the future.  “dwight, at 8 a.m. today, someone poisons the coffee. do not drink the coffee. more instructions will follow. cordially, future dwight.
dwight:  no! youll thank me later
michael:  there she is – jan levinson. first
jan:  michael
michael:  …thing in the morning. love to start my morning with a hearty bowl of jan
jan:  michael
michael:   just call me levinson in the morning, baby
jan:  michael
michael:  yes
jan:  i am here to tell you that we are closing the scranton branch
michael:  i dont understand
jan:  the board voted last night to close your branch
michael:  on whoms authority
jan:  the boards
michael:  what
jan:  im very sorry. i dont relish telling you this. youve been a big part of this company, and the board asked me to thank you for your years of service
michael:  youre welcome
jan:  a small number of people will be transferred to the stamford branch, and the rest will be getting severance packages
michael:  am i a small number person or a severance package person
jan:  well, we havent made final decisions about personnel yet. but youre a severance package person
michael:  oh…  oh, my god. oh, my god! i dont really get it cause were not doing that bad and our numbers are gonna come up
jan:  well, its not all about numbers, michael
michael:  well
jan:  its… its about talent
michael:  oh, you gotta be… josh
jan:  our cfo believes that josh is going to play an important role in our companys future
michael:  oh really, what role is that? king of the stupid universe
michael:  it is an outrage, thats all. its… heyre making a huge, huge mistake. lets see josh replace these people. lets see josh find another stanley. you think stanleys grow on trees? well they dont. there is no stanley tree. do you think the world is crawling with phyllises? show me that farm. with phyllises and kevins sprouting up all over the place. ripe for the plucking. show me that farm
michael:  pictures. memories.  look at that. they grow up so fast
dwight:  hey stranger
michael:  dont say that. that just sounds weird. please
dwight:  sorry. i just feel like we havent talked in awhile
michael:  well… we have nothin to talk about, dwight. just do your work … while you still can
dwight :  when you become close with someone, you develop a kind of sixth sense. you can read their moods like a book. and right now, the title of michaels book is, “something weird is going on.” colon, “what did jan say? the michael scott story. by michael scott, with dwight schrute.
karen:  hey, um… did you hear about your friends in pennsylvania? rumor has it that the scranton branch is…
jim:  really? wow… thats bad
andy:  um, sorry… the scranton branch is closing?  in your face
jim:  well, i work here now
andy:  mmmm.. suck-ah
pam:  are you okay
michael:  yeah, great! amazing. best physical condition of my life
pam:  what did jan want
michael:  nothing. just checking in. i cant tell you, so
pam:  what cant you tell me
michael:  nothing, pam. what difference does it make?well be gone in a couple of weeks anyway
pam:  what?
michael:  what
pam:  you just said that were gonna be gone…
michael:  do i have any messages
pam:  michael, whats going on
michael:  ok, ok
michael:   listen up, everybody… i have some news. we are screwed. dunder-mifflin, scranton is being shut down
toby:  michael, uh… we shouldnt be talking about this until all the decisions have been made
michael:  you knew about this all along, didnt you
toby:  jan told me just a few minutes before she told you
michael:  traitor. you are a traitor
angela:  what about us, michael? do we still have jobs
michael:  i dont know. probably not. this is the worst
ryan:  it makes perfect sense that it would happen today because i just received this in the mail.  a thousand business cards with this address and phone number
angela:  i dont want to blame anyone in particular. i think everyones to blame
kelly:  if i get to stay and ryan is laid off, i will kill myself. like romeo and juliet, the claire danes one
andy:   stamford, connecticut! stamford, connecticut
jim:  i worked in scranton for a really long time. and uh, its going to be weird that its all disappearing. i mean, i always knew that the branch would shut down someday. i just figured it would be because michael sold the building for some magic beans
stanley:  i couldnt be happier. im gonna take the severance and retire. my wife and i are gonna travel.  i really couldnt be happier
pam:  its a blessing in disguise. actually, not even in disguise. sometimes at home, i answer the phone, “dunder-mifflin, this is pam.” so, maybe thatll stop now
roy:  what does that mean
kevin:  well, some of us are fired and a few are going to connecticut
roy:  i dont really want to work here without pam. you know that cinderella song, “you dont know what you got (till its gone)”? that pretty much says it better than how i know how to say it… in words
darryl:  hey mike
michael:  darryl. noble darryl.
darryl:  look, i heard about the office. tough break
michael:  i know, i know. well, ill land on my feet. dont worry about me
darryl:  i wasnt
michael:  so, youll be okay too. youre a warrior. youre smart, capable. youll find something else and
darryl:  actually, bob vance bought out the warehouse. so hes keeping on the whole crew. so, we good
michael:  awesome
michael:  this is my house. the cfo is taking away my house and giving it to josh. and josh is giving the garage to bob vance
michael:  all right, listen up. some of you may have heard some rumors about the branch closing. but, i am not going to take this lying down. i have a plan and i am going to save our jobs. so just hang in there.  lets go
dwight:  yes
pam:  oh, good… youre bringing dwight
michael:  yes. this might get ugly. i need backup
dwight:  whats the plan
michael:  go to new york, confront the cfo, show him hes making a mistake… save the branch
dwight:  can i drive
michael:  no… way
dwight:  shotgun
michael:  no. theres no one else
dwight:  still
dwight:  thank you very much.  okay, secretary says wallace is away for the day and wont be coming back into the office
michael:  okay, okay. um
dwight:  but, do not worry. i have his home address right  here
michael:  why
dwight:  christmas card list
michael:  you sent him cards? you never met him
dwight:  but when i do, well have something to talk about
jim:  hey, do you have a second
josh:  sure, whats up
jim:  i know its not definite or whatever, but uh, do you know whos coming over here from scranton
josh:  i honestly dont. i dont know
jim:  okay, so is it like sales or… accountants
josh:  you know what, jim, i wouldnt worry about it
jim:  what does that mean
jan:  hi
josh:  jan, hey
jan:  oh, good. youre both here. ready to talk logistics
ryan:   i just feel like it could have been something special if we could have kept working together, but im gonna go someplace else and youre gonna go someplace else. it just doesnt make sense
ryan:  this kinda worked out perfectly for me. i got some good experience. uh, michaels gonna write me a great recommendation. and as far as me and kelly goes, i think its for the best
michael:  okay, this is it.  this is exactly what michael moore does, famous documentarian. he goes up to people with a camera and hes like “why did you do this? why did you pollute? you are bad. youre a bad person.” its very dramatic.although, i cant say i was a big fan of‘bowling for columbine, because i thought it was going to be a bowling movie, like ‘kingpin. and it wasnt. it was something else
jan:  so, josh will be running what is now called dunder-mifflin ,northeast, which is all the offices north of stamford. and jim, fi you want the job, youll be his number two
josh:  wow. uh, sure. absolutely
jan:  awesome
josh:  excuse me, jan, im sorry… im gonna have to stop you there. i, um, will not be taking the job
jan:  wha… excuse… why not
josh:  as of today, i have accepted a senior managment position at staples
jan:  today
josh: 
jan:  you leveraged your new position with us into another offer
josh: 
jan:  damn it, josh. this whole restructuring thing was based around keeping you. i
josh:  im sorry, all right? its done, its done
jan:  im gonna make some calls
jim:  say what you will about michael scott, but he would never do that
dwight:  so, do you know what youre gonna say when he shows up
michael:  i will improvise. i will speak from the heart
dwight:  no. bad idea. you need an attack plan. here, ill be him, you be you. lets practice
michael:  all right
dwight:   dum, dum, dum, dum… coming home from work
m ichael:  excuse me, mr. wallace? david wallace
dwight:  yes? what is the meaning of this
michael :  can you tell us why you are shutting down scranton and putting 15 people out of work
dwight:  well, the branch is no longer finicially viable. its simple dollars and cents
michael:  yes, but these are employees, sir. these are human beings
dwight:  listen, scott… were losing money, okay? its not a charity; its a business. and its a dying business
michael:   stop… stop it! just, okay. hes not going to say any of that
dwight:   whoa hey, why not
michael:  because hed be intimidated and i, just… lets start again. just be more scared of me, okay
dwight:  okay
michael:  dont touch me this time
dwight:   dum, dum, dum, du, doy, du, do… coming home from work
michael:  excuse me, mr. wallace
dwight:   uh
jan:  so… we are still scrambling here. but uh, it looks like scranton is going to absorb stamford
jim:  wow
jan:  and i know that you just left there a couple of months ago, but we would like to offer you the number two position at that branch
jim:  thank you
jan:  yeah
jim:  no, its just im not sure if i um… well to be quite honest with you, jan, i have a few unpleasant memories of scranton. and um
jan:  michael
jim:  no. no, no. just um… some personal stuff. and im not really ready to revist that, i dont think
jan:  ah. well, please think about it. and call me. we will do whatever we can to get you to stay
jim:  okay
phyllis:  hey guys. uh, im trying to organize a little group lunch for everybody since you know, were never gonna see each other again
kevin:  where are we going
phyllis:  i thought maybe djs
kevin:  how about cuginos
angela:  i dont want to go all the way to dunmore
kevin:  how bout coopers then
angela:  no seafood
kevin:  but, i dont want to go to djs
angela:  oh, now all of a sudden you get picky
phyllis:  okay, forget it.
kevin:  hooters
angela:  no
dwight:  ah.  here, replinish your fluids
michael: 
jan:   wheres michael
pam:  hes not here. i dont know where he is
jan:   wha… whats going on here
phyllis:  we know the branch is closing; michael told us
jan:  ah, god. okay. you know what everybody? im sure there is a better way to do this but ive drive something like 400 miles today and im completely exhausted so im just gonna tell you. your branch is not closing; stamford is closing. um, for the time being, it seems that all your jobs are safe
angela:  yes
kevin:  yes!
phyllis:  stanley!
pam:  is it because of michael? did he actually do something
jan:  well, reasons are not important. would you just call him, please? wherever he is… and tell him
pam:  sure, uh, jan… um, do you know, is anyone coming back to scranton
jan:  back
pam:  coming to scranton. is anyone coming to scranton
jan:  uh, we dont know. probably. a few
dwight:   who is it
michael:  the office
dwight:  gonna get it
michael:  no, not until i have some good news for them. not until i have some good news
pam:  i guess some new people might be coming from stamford. should be fun. new blood
ryan:  is jim coming back
pam:  thats, um… i hadnt thought about it, huh
ryan:  i just dont want it to be weird, you know? i mean, i took his old job and his old desk
pam:  yeah, that might be weird. overall though, we still all have our jobs… so, good news, right
ryan:  oh, yeah, totally
kelly:  ahhhhh!  im so happy we dont have to break up now, ryan!  this is the best day of my whole l ife
karen:  what you gonna do
jim:  i really dont know.how you doing with all this
karen:  you know, im fine. ill be better when i know if i have a job
jim:  youd actually move to scranton
karen:  yeah, if they let me, i think i… i think i would
jim:  new york city is 45 minutes down the road from here. and you wannamove to scranton? i dunno. if i were you id move to new york
karen:  yeah, you know… i might do that. i, who knows? i… i might do that
josh:  hey andy
andy:   whats up, josh
josh:  i just want to say thanks. good luck
andy:  thanks, man. you, too. totally
michael:  anything
dwight:  nothing.
michael:  what if this doesnt work? what is the office actually goes under
dwight:  then it was an honor to have worked with you
michael:   all right, favorite moments in dunder-mifflin history. go
dwight:  my first day when you hazed me by spraying me with a fire extinguisher
michael:  that was hilarious. the foam 
dwight:  uh,… my first sale, my promotion to assistant regional manager, our basketball game, when you took me to the hospital, and told me that you cared about me
michael:  oh, right. okay, thats enough. thats good
dwight:  what were your favorite moments
michael:  oh, hmm, all of them. i loved them all. every single one.
dwight:  what about when jan said the branch was closing
michael:  god, dwight
dwight:  well, it doesnt
kevin:  hey pam, were going to poor richards. creeds buying shots
pam:  no thanks, guys
kevin:  all right
pam:  have fun though
kevin:  cool
phyllis:  hey, i hear jims coming back
pam:  really? where did you hear that
phyllis:  i was
kevin:   hey ryan, you coming
ryan:  uh yeah, well meet you there
kevin:  awesome. lets go, phyllis
phyllis:   ill tell you later
pam:  okay
roy:  crazy day, huh
pam:  yeah
roy:  yeah, man! im uh… im really glad youre still gonna be working here
pam:  yeah, me too
pam:  maybe this is good. finding another job is a pain. theres another annoying boss, another desk, id have to learn everything all over again. so, there are reasons to stay
jim:  hey, um, i think i am gonna take that job. and scranton… its not that bad. so, if they offer you a job there, i think you should take it
karen:  okay, yeah. maybe i will
jim:  okay
karen:  yeah, im happy he said that. i mean, i dont think hes into me or anything, but, im kind of into him. so…there you go
michael:  what are we still doing here? its over. lets go home. get the car
dwight: 
michael:  oh, this was such a stupid idea! this was so stupid. i am such a stupid idiot. i let everybody down. everybody hates me. i lost everybodys jobs. nobody likes me anymore
dwight:   oh my god
michael:  what?
dwight: : stranford is closed! michael, were not closed. stamford is closed. stamford is closed
michael:  we did it? we did it
dwight:  we did it
michael:  right here! right here!
michael:  yeah, baby
dwight:  in your face
michael:  we did it
dwight:  oh, man
michael:  how did we do it
dwight:  i dont … have no idea
michael:  i dont understand
toby:  well for a minute there, i saw myself selling my house, moving to costa rica, learning how to surf. but, costa rica will still be there. when im 65
