pam:  ohhhh! shes absolutely adorable
hannah:  he
pam:  …oh, sorry. hes–hes dressed all in pink
hannah:  thats his favorite color
pam:  …oh. thats… fun for him
stanley:  fantastic.
michael:  ohhh, wow. look at that. how cute.
hannah:  thank youuu
michael:  ohh. may i
hannah:  uh, sure
michael:   hey, look at me, im a baby! im one of those babies from “look whos talking.” what am i thinking?  look at all those staplers! whats a stapler!? i dont even know, im a baby! hey, mom, im thirsty! im thirsty, mama! i want some milk. and you know where milk comes from! breasts
karen:  hey
jim:  hey
karen:  …almost done
jim:  just about… yup. now
jim:  yes. i have started to see karen. its very new, and… not really ready to talk about it openly yet, just because, i think, once the word gets out there, it might affect the way people behave around us or… i dunno. just, not yet
michael:  yeah, jan, it um… looks like a check, piece of paper of some sort. receipt. i dont know
angela:  jan, this is angela martin from accounting
jan:   mmhmm
angela:  look, we have a rebate from… the federal work opportunity program and no one knows what that means.
jan:  we get that money for hiring an ex-convict
michael:  i didnt hire an ex-convict. unless they mean toby. convicted rapist.  … im just kidding
jan:  when did the check come
angela:  last week.
jan:  okay, thats when the branches merged, so josh must have been taking advantage of this program. smart move
angela:  one of the stamford people is a criminal?
michael:  hey jan, speaking of stamford, hannah brought in her baby
angela:  jan, which one of the new employees is a criminal
jan:  uh, reformed convict, and, uh, im not sure. though hang on, let me email our hr, stay on the line
pam:   who is it
michael:  hannah
kevin:  hmm
angela:  hmm
kevin:  andy
angela:  andy
kevin:  hmm. martin?
michael:  kuhhhh… you are such a racist.
kevin:  wait, why am i a racist
michael:  because you think hes black
kevin:  he is black… right? and…
michael:  stop it. stop it right-stop it right now
jan:  …okay its someone named martin nash
kevin:  yeah
jan:  michael
michael:  why did the convict have to be a black guy? it is such a stereotype. i just wish that josh had made a more progressive choice. like a white guy… who went to prison for… polluting a black guys lake
kevin:  i wonder what he did.
michael:  in our society, a black man can be arrested for almost anything. he was probably at a sporting event and… saw some people pushing each other, and he intervened
pam:  why would anyone go to jail for that
michael:  sssssso, what we need to do… is to forget about this whole martin in prison thing. people will draw unfair conclusions about martin and or black people
kevin:  cool
pam:  okay. angela
angela:  sure. lets protect the convicts. at the expense of the general feeling of safety in the workplace. as a 90-pound female that sits in an ill-lit, rarely-visited corner of the office, naturally i agree with that
michael:  good. all right.
jim:   jim halpert
andy:   i am so horny
jim:  …okay i cant… help you… with that
andy:  oh, i think you can, big tuna. tell me about that indian chick, kelly. she seems pretty slutty. good for a romp in the sack
jim:  she is dating ryan, i think
andy:  oh, and i care why
jim:  shes… high-maintenance
andy:  next. how about… . blondes are more fun. cmon, trust me on that
jim:  yeah, trust me, that would be fun for no one
andy:  okay fine. um. pam, the receptionist. paaam. should i go for it
jim:  …absolutely you should
andy:  jackpot
michael:  just… try to be cool
dwight:  i am cool
michael:  okay, are you cool, really
dwight:  im cool, im cool, im so cool. tell me what is going on.
michael:  um… martin, from stamford, was, at one time, in prison.  no. dwight! be cool! be cool
dwight:  i am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. and i do not care if that convict is white, black, asian, german, or some kind of halfsy. i do not like criminals
andy:  all… righty, lets get started. what is she into
jim:  i know pam pretty well. i know the things that she likes, and, just as important, i know the things that she hates. so, one of the things that she likes is pranks. and, the things that she hates
jim:  frisbee-based competitions…
andy:  are you kidding
jim:  she…
andy:  i started the main frisbee golf club at cornell. where i went to college. i live to frolf
jim:  lead off with that. she loves hunting. she also loves those ads for six flags, with the old guy.  got it. also… do you speak pig latin
michael:  hey martin, hows it going
martin:  good. getting settled, you know
michael:  ah. good good. good. just a second. everybody? may i have your attention please? i realize that a lot of you have already heard that martin here has had some trouble with the law, but i just want to declare publicly that i… trust… him, completely, and that anybody who doesnt is an ignorant, dumb… person. okay? as a matter of fact, you show me a white man you trust and i will show you a black man that i trust even more. pam. tell me a white person you trust
pam:  my dad
michael:  …danny glover.  yeah
jim:  jonas salk
michael:  who
jim:  justin timberlake
michael:  oh. please. colin powell.
karen:  hey i got one
michael:  yup
karen:  jesus
michael:  apollo creed
michael:  close your eyes. picture a convict. whats he wearing? nothing special, baseball cap on backwards, baggy pants… he says something ordinary like… ‘yo, thats shizzle. okay. now slowly open your eyes again. who are you picturing? a black man? wrong. that was a white woman. surprised? well, shame on you
martin:  so… you all wanna know what i was in for
michael:  no. thats not cool. you dont have to tell them.
martin:  um, i really dont mind. it was a stupid mistake. i was working in finance and, i… got involved in some insider trading. so, i spent a little time in the clink.
michael:   that is awesome
kevin:  i had martin explain to me three times what he got arrested for, because… it sounds an awful lot like what i do here every day
pam:  what was prison like
martin:  not terrible. boring. we do the same thing every day. but… at least we got outdoors time
kevin:  you got outdoors time
martin:  two hours, every day. sometimes wed play pickup football games…
kevin:  michael, why dont we get outdoors time?
pam:  yeah, some days i never go outside
michael:  well, we are running a business, so
meredith:  what was your cell like
martin:  not good. uh… a little bit bigger than michaels office… but, you know, i really only slept there. you know, during the day, there-our times our own. they had uh, classes, i took some… watercolor classes
pam:  they have art classes
martin:  yeap. yeah
ryan:  they have business classes there
martin:  they did, taught by some uh, harvard business school guys–a lot of the guys also, that were in the class, the inmates, a lot of them have gone on to do extraordinary things in business.
pam:  kinda sounds like… prisons… better than dunder-mifflin.
michael:  ah. well. thats not true
kevin:  i would so rather be in prison.
ryan:  prison sounds great
michael:  no you would not
michael:  this place is not prison. its… way better than prison
creed:   baby. hello baby. here you want to play with this
karen:  you cant give paperclips to a baby. he could swallow.
creed:  oh, its okay. ive got tons of them. you like that? goo-goo-goo-goo
andy:  pam-a-lama-ding-dong. listen, youre cute. there is no gettin around it. so… i dont know if you like country music, but i was thinking maybe one of these days we could drive out to a field, crank up some tunes, smoke a few macanudos… maybe even toss a disk around.utway ooday ooyay inkthay, ampay?
pam:  wow… i
andy:  shh. think about it. ill hit you back
pam:  wow. that was… wow
michael:  okay! listen up everybody! um, you guys said that prison was better than this place, and i heard ya, loud and clear, so, i am instituting some changes to make this more like prison. we are going to start with an hour of outdoor time. so lets go
pam:  michael, its freezing out
phyllis:  i cant feel my toes.
michael:  why dont we… pump some iron? anyone wanna… pump up?
jim:  what is that, like… five pounds
michael:  its uh… two and a half. im not going for bulk, im going for tone.
stanley:  im going back inside
michael:  yeah, its… freaking cold out here. anybody wants to stay out, youve got about… twenty-seven minutes of rec time
michael:  oh heyyy. martiiin. you have tv in the joint
martin:  yeah, in the rec room.
michael:  ah. a ten inch black and white
martin:  actually, our tv was bigger than that one
michael:  these people dont realize how lucky they are. this office is the american dream. and they would rather be in the hole
jim:  oh. andy. i thought of one last tact you can take with pam.
andy:  yeah
jim:  quick question – do you play the guitar
andy:  i play the banjo
jim:  hold on, let me think about that, yes, thatll work. but can you sing in a sexy high falsetto voice
andy:   you know i can, my man
jim:  yup. thats perfect
karen:  hey
jim:  hey
andy:  im gonna go get my banjo out of my car
jim:  perfect
karen:  what is going on
jim:  …im messing with andy. im sending him to all the women in the office with… just… terrible information on how to get them to go out with him
karen:  i love it. i want in. whos the target
jim:  …oh, you know what? … it was… gonna be pam, but…
karen:  perfect. what do i do? just give me an assignment
jim:  uh, you know what though? i feel like i already sicked him on pam… well give her a break. lets think of someone else
michael:  all right everybody, there has been a lot of name calling against our office today. corporate maligning, slurring, much of it coming from one of you, who claims that prison is better… than… here. and none of can say “boo” because none of us have ever been to prison. well, theres somebody id like you to meet. somebody else who has been to prison, who can tell you what it is really like . im prison mike! you know why they call me prison mike?
angela:  do you really expect us to believe youre somebody else
michael:  do you really expect me to not push you up against the wall, beeyotch?!  all right, hey, hey, hey, hey, thats just the way we talk in the clink. been a lot of fun talk about prison today, but i am here to scare you straight. i am here to scare you straiiight!! in prison you are somebodys bitch. oh, and you.  you, my friend, would be da belle of da ball. dont drop the soap! dont drop the soap
ryan:  michael, please.
jim:  where… did you learn all of this
michael:  internet.
jim:  so, not prison
michael:  and prison. eh, fifty-fifty, both. look, prison stinks, is what im saying. its not like you can go home, and, recharge your batteries, and come back in the morning and, be with your friends, having fun in the office.
jim:  whatd you do, prison mike
michael:  i stole. … and i robbed. and i kidnapped… the… presidents son. and held him for ransom
jim:  that is… quite the rap sheet, prison mike
michael:  and i nevah got caught, neither
jim:  well, youre… in… prison, but, mmhmm.
pam:  prison mike? what was the food like in prison
michael:  gruel. sandwiches. gruel omelettes. nothing but gruel. plus, you can eat your own hair
andy:  wow. prison sounds horrible
michael:  yeah. yeah. well, thank you, andy. tanks
dwight:  prison mike. whats the very very worst thing about prison
angela:  dont encourage him, dwight.
michael:  the worst thing about prison was the… was the dementors. they… were flying all over the place, and they were scary. and theyd come down, and theyd suck the soul out of your body, and it hurt
karen:  demen-dementors like in harry potter
michael:  no, not harry potter. … there are no movies in prison. this is my point! you guys got it soft, and cushy! this place is freaking awesome! the people are awesome! your boss is nice! everyone seems to get along! people are tolerant! people who… have jumped to conclusions can redeem themselves! nobody is nobodys bitch. i hope that this scared you. and from me, prison mike, to you, i just wanna thank you for listening to me. letting me be a part of your life today. ‘cause you got a good life! you got a good life. a good life.  so. what do you think? it doesnt sound so great, does it
pam:  wow. thank you. um, that must have been hard for you to relive that. both of you
martin:  yeah, that… wasnt really… at all my experience. there were certain elements of what you performed, ive seen on television. but it didnt remind me of my time in prison.
michael:  okay. okay, fine. you guys think prison is so great? all right. well, here you go.
jim:  okay, michael. come on. let us out.
michael:  no! if you think is prison is so wonderful, then, enjoy prison! they are such babies. i am going to leave them in there until they can appreciate what its like to have freedom. and if this doesnt bother them, then i am out of ideas
kevin:   hey! let us out of here! hey! i have
hannah:  shh
toby:   this is toby. hey pam. where are you calling from
toby:  michael. whys everyone locked in the conference room
michael:  they were very disrespectful to me, and to the office. and martin has had a bad influence, to think that i gave him the benefit of the doubt
toby:  well, youre going to have to let em out. or… or i will
michael:  okay. you know what toby? i am teaching them a lesson, so
toby:  you know theyre teasing you. i mean… obviously, this is… a much nicer place than an actual prison. we get paid to be here. we go home afterwards and have social lives. we have… we have parties here. theyre teasing you. to be funny
michael:   okay nutcases, get out of there! good work. long day. really long. why dont you guys head home. early. time off for good behavior! heh. good job. enjoy your freedoms
michael:  martin went from being a new guy from stamford… to a convict, to… my friend. back to a convict. then to… a kind of a nuisance, actually, to be completely honest. and finally, to… a quitter. and i will not miss him. and that is not because he is black
andy:   so weve been told, and some choose to believe it, i know theyre wrong, wait and see, cause one day well find it, the ainbowray onnectionkay, the lovers, the dreamers, and meeee
