michael:  everybody! everybody! listen up, i need your ideas, now! ideas please, right now! go! go! come on
pam:  michael we dont know what youre talking about
michael:  wet cement, outside. its drying fast, come on. this is a lifelong dream. what do i write? what do i write
kevin:  michael you could put your initials in it
michael:  m.g.s.? no. some idiot named mark greg sputnik will claim credit for it. i dont
jim:  yeah thats true
michael:  once in a lifetime opportunity people! come on, here we go
phyllis:  we– we
michael:  here we go
phyllis:  well
michael:  lets, yes
phyllis:  when i was a little girl
michael:  okay… okay, do it! go on! great! lets hear it
phyllis:  we-we found some wet cement in the park
michael:  its drying, its drying
phyllis:  in our neighborhood
michael:  alright, hablbelah, come on, phyl
phyllis:  what did we write
michael:  ahh come on
andy:  here it is, you should draw a picture
michael:  no
andy:  cause that says, that says
michael:  no
andy:  so much more than words
michael:  no!! come on, gimme something good
kelly:  ok, ok, i was watching e!, and i saw will smith outside the chinese theater, and omhmygod, he looked so good
michael:  pam, translate
pam:  shes talking about the handprints that celebrities make in the cement
michael:  i love it
jim:  if you were a real star you would put your face in it
michael:  i love it more
oscar:  michael that doesnt seem… safe
michael:  i… love it!! haha, come on
dwight:  come on! 
jim:  we are here today, not to immortalize a man, but an idea… maybe the idea of a man
michael:   hurry, please
jim:  greatness is only skin deep, some people say
dwight:  can you breathe
jim:  well thats not true. other people believe its deeper inside
dwight:  hold your breath
jim:  and in this case
dwight:  ready
jim:  thats also not true
dwight:  and… go.  force it in as deep as you can
michael:   thats what she said.
michael:  today is a very special day for me. and its really not about me, its about my grandkids, its about my great grandkids… i can come back here when im 100, and i can find that piece of cement and say, “thats me. look kids, your daddy left that face hole…” i dunno, its a good feeling.
andy:   okay, adjective
angela:  um… tall. no, no, uh, nice
andy:  good one. okay, you ready
angela:  mmhmm
andy:   the tall man entered the nice building to visit a very nice man. “sit down, mr. smith, can i interest you in any good… cat food?
angela:   its a man eating cat food
andy:  what about a cat eating man food?
dwight:  andy and angela seem very happy… i hope nothing horrible ever happens to them.
pam:   um… yeah, i slept over at a, uh, friends house and, i forgot my contact solution, so… i had to wear my backup glasses… shut up.
michael:  all right, everybody… oh my god, pam, those make you look so ugly. um, pam, in order to get hotter, you take the glasses off. youre moving in the wrong direction
pam:  i dont have my contacts
michael:  ub, dub dah, dont need, i cant even hear you. its just noise coming out of an ugly scientist. um, everybody, were going to have a little brainstorming session in the conference room.
michael:  ener-gize
jim:  you know what would energize me? if you, pamela morgan beesly
pam:  dont, dont
jim:  would
pam:  if you propose to me during a michael meeting, i will say no
jim:  well, its too late, because im proposing… that you get me a cup of coffee, which would energize me greatly, and make me the happiest man in the world
michael:  everybody, so how are we going to energize our office? i mean, i havent done anything since christmas. pam, clearly, has just given up trying. so what we need to do is we get things going, we need to get percolating a little bit. anybody have any ideas of what we could do. any suggestions? yes, andy
andy:  what if we changed our outgoing answering machine message, so it just had a little more… zing, and a little more pep
michael:  zing and pep, see thats those are the kind of words were looking for. yes, jim
jim:  what about if we did an even newer voicemail message that had even more zing and pep
michael:  now were cooking. i like this. maybe a whole theme, like a rap. a rap rhyme
jim:  an urban thing
michael:  an urban, yeah, stanley? you wanna help us out with that?… stanley, earth to stanley
stanley:  not me
michael:  yes you. come on, stanley, put your little game down and join the group
stanley:  no
michael:  stanley, were havin a little
stanley:  leave me alone, dammit
michael:  were havin a little brainstorm session
stanley:  did i stutter
michael:  …good, this is good. im going to grab a glass of water.
toby:  can i talk to you a second
michael:  ugh, what
toby:  uh, i really think that you need to address what happened with stanley this morning
michael:  what are you blabbering about? nothing happened
toby:  well, you know, stanley was openly insubordinate
michael:  that? in the conference room
toby:  yeah
michael:  we were joshin around, the two of us, and he said “did i stutter,” and i said “wha-wha-wha-wha-what, dawg?” it was joking, toby, alright
toby:  he didnt seem like he was joking
michael:  well you dont get it, because stanley is a beautiful, sassy, powerful black man, and youre… you. if you had any friends, you would understand. friends joke with one another: “hey um, youre poor.” “well hey, youre mamas dead.” thats what friends do. its… youre so white
toby:  alright… well, um, if you really believe that stanley was joking
michael:  mmhmm
toby:  um, why dont you go ask him that
michael:  okay, i will… im not feeling very well right now though. my stomach hurts, so i may be going home early today, but
toby:  you know, michael, sometimes my daughters stomach hurts when theres a mean girl at school
michael:  well sometimes my stomach hurts when you come into my office, so its probably psychological.
andy:  you meet a lot of ladies driving an xterra, because you pull up to a stoplight, and look over and theres an xterra next to you. theyre always driven by chicks, so theres your icebreaker.
dwight:   unh! scratch
andy:  thats a racing stripe
dwight:  uh, bumpers sagging
andy:  mmm, i doubt that very much
dwight:  this cars crap. i will buy it for next to nothing
andy:  how next to
dwight:  well, here are your options: you can sell it for parts, drive it off a cliff… you can donate it to a person that youd like to see die in a car crash, or, you can sell it to me, and ill use it as i would a wagon on my farm. it will be towed by a donkey
andy:  i have to pick one of those
dwight:  yes
andy:  can you go over those options again
dwight:  you know what? you knock $1500 of the price right now, and i will take it off your hands. its gotta be now
andy:  well i have the, the blue book value
dwight:  seal the deal. lets do it. lets do this thing. three, two, one
andy:  can i think about it
dwight:  five, four, three, two
andy:  let me think about it
dwight:  now. now. now
andy:  let me think about it
dwight:  say it. do it. now
andy:  im thinking about it
dwight:  do it now
andy:  thinking
dwight:  do it. shake my hand. you will sell me this car. shake my hand
andy:  yeah. all right!
stanley:  what
michael:  i, uh, see that you… gave me that form that i asked you to give me, stanley the manly, so thank you for that. i guess we are back to normal
stanley:  what are you talking about
michael:  well, you know, uh, the thing that you said earlier, that you didnt mean, um, and that i forgive you for. the whole things silly, isnt it? friends dont need to apologize to friends as far as im concerned, so we are cool
stanley:  i am not going to apologize to you.
stanley:  its like i used to tell my wife, i do not apologize unless i think im wrong, and if you dont like it you can leave. and i say the same thing to my current wife, and ill say it to my next one too.
dwight:  jim is in charge of stanley only in sales-related matters, hence the green line–green for money-sales, get it
michael:  uh huh
dwight:  there is this yellow zigzag that does give ryan the authority to discipline stanley
michael:  grea
dwight:  however, in so doing, it zigs past your name, hence zagging you and making you appear weak. thus the yellow color. yellow for cowardly
michael:  whats the pink
dwight:  menstrual cycles
michael:  ok… is there anybody up here, anybody at all, that can deal with this
dwight:  you
michael:  other than me
dwight:  well, there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart. this gives me full authority over every single person in the office
michael:  i never said you could do that
dwight:  all you have to do it say it
michael:  i
dwight:  just say it
michael:  okay, i will think about it
dwight:  say it. just do it. dont think, say it. do it. five, four, three, two… do it. give me control. michael… i promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over. do it, michael. do it. hey, this office needs a strong man. say it
michael:  no
dwight:  so… all right, well, youre gonna have to deal with this yourself.
kevin:  hey pam, i really like your glasses
pam:  oh, thanks
kevin:  all the girlfriends that ive ever had have worn glasses
pam:  oh, okay
kevin:  yeah, its kind of a turn-on for me actually
pam:  i should probably get back to
kevin:  like librarians
pam:  entering the…
kevin:  could you just say, “these are due back thursday”
pam:  no.  dunder mifflin, this is pam. okay, go ahead. 
creed:  a lot of jazz cats are blind, but they can play the piano like nobodys business. id like to put the piano in front of pam without her glasses and see what happens. id also like to see her topless.
darryl:  mike
michael:  hey
darryl:  im very busy here, man
michael:  darryl,  have you ever been in a gang
darryl:  why
michael:  its an advice question, and if you dont wanna talk about it, i completely understand. its, um
darryl:  no, no, no
michael:  i know, its very, very personal
darryl:  no, um… i have
michael:  i knew it. okay, who we talking about here? crips? bloods
darryl:  both
michael:  god
darryl:  yeah them, and the latin kings… the warriors
michael:  okay
darryl:  newsies
michael:  okay, so dig this: youre on the street, and one of your gang disses you
darryl:  oh my goodness
michael:  yeah, right, so what do you do to get them to make it right
darryl:  well see, um… in the gang world, we use something called fluffy fingers
michael:  what is that
darryl:  thats when somebody really gets in your face, you know, you just… start tickling them
michael:  really
darryl:  yeah, and then he starts tickling you. you know, pretty soon youre laughing and hugging. before you know it, youve forgotten the whole thing. yall can just go to church together… get an ice cream cone
michael:  i wouldve never thought that gangs would be tickling each other
darryl:  well, its effective.
ryan:   i think its self-explanatory.  hey, jim, come here for a second. can you answer me something, as, as a true eagles fan
jim:  oh boy
ryan:  how do you live with a franchise this bad
jim:  on a wing and a prayer, mostly
ryan:  alright, whatever you say. uh, listen, while i have you here with toby, i need to give you a formal warning about your job performance
jim:  a formal warning…
ryan:  its actually not a joke. i know how you spend your time here, and i know how little you care about your job. and honestly if you spent as much time selling as you do goofing around with dwight and hanging out at reception, we wouldnt be having this conversation
jim:   im sorry, is, is this because i talked to wallace about your website? because i really didnt mean to go over your head
ryan:  this is nothing to do with that, alright? i always appreciate constructive criticism about my job performance. i thrive on it
jim:  im sorry, then do you mind explaining a little better? cause im not sure whats really
ryan:  woah, dont get all defensive, alright? its just a warning. if you want the details, toby can provide them. you take it easy, alright?
toby:  id say all the goofing around at pams desk, and, and hanging out with pam, has finally caught up to him… w-with pam
pam:  hey, what happened? what did ryan want
jim:  oh we were just… talking about, bureaucratic stuff
pam:  because youre very important
jim:  yeah…
dwight:   rocka doopa deepa do pow! shacka do do! oh! whats dwight up to? oh probably nothing. racka do do dee do-do do-do! sha-ka!
andy:  what the hell is this all about?  youre flipping my car for profit
dwight:  its my car now
andy:  i gave you a deal… based on what you said to me
dwight:  yeah, well… seller beware. now if youll excuse me, ive got to monitor a three-way bidding war for my car on ebay.
dwight:  ive got a madlib for you: a stupid, idiotic, numbskull named andy bernard sold his xterra to a smart and capable man named dwight. this is shaping up to be an awesome day for dwight.
michael:  okay, everybody, shh! so, earlier today, stanley sassed me, and toby gave me some suggestions on how to discipline him. they did not work, obviously, because they were stupid, so i am now going to fake fire him
pam:  what does that mean
michael:  its like a mock execution
jim:  thats not a good idea
michael:  yes it is a good idea. its the only possible solution i have left
toby:  well, you can actually fire him
michael:  no, okay… ive had enough of you
oscar:  why are you telling us this
michael:  because i want you to behave as if im actually firing him, oscar, okay
kevin:  michael, if you hadnt told us this, then we wouldve thought that you were actually firing him
michael:  im not firing him. im not, i need you to act like i am firing him. just, what im going to do, is im going to pretend that i am firing him, and i need you to act like i am firing him. do you get that? do you get it? im teaching him a lesson. he needs to learn humility, alright? thats all im, okay, here he comes. lets just… play act.  stanley, may i talk to you for a second?
michael:  stanley hudson, you are fired
stanley:  are you serious
michael:  i am serious, we are all serious. you are fired like a heart attack
stanley:  youre firing me over three words. have you lost your mind? do you think im gonna let you do this to me
michael:  hmm
stanley:  ive watched you screw up this office for ten years, and im filing a lawsuit, and im gonna tell them about every stupid thing youve ever done up in this office
michael:  alright alright, okay, you know what? now you know how i feel. this was a fake firing. lesson learned. good work, everybody. very nice
stanley:  so im not fired
michael:  thats it. and uh… do you have anything to say to me
stanley:  oh yes, i do. you are out of your damn, little pea-sized, mind. what is wrong with you? do you have any sense? at all
michael:  okay
stanley:  do you have any idea how to run an office
michael:  yes
stanley:  every day you do something stupider than you did the day before
michael:  thats not
stanley:  and i think, “theres no possible way
michael:  all right, all right
stanley:  he can top that.
michael:  okay
stanley:  but what do you do?! you find a way, dammit, to top it! you are professional idiot
michael:  hey, stop it! okay, everybody out
jim:  who
michael:  everybody, except stanley
jim:  lets go
pam:  i cant find my glasses
jim:  okay, you know what? why dont you take my hand, and leave them, and lets get out of here
pam:  okay, okay.
kevin:   its michael versus stanley, and it is the clash of the titans. in one corner, you have michael, and he is mad. and then, in the other corner, you have stanley, and hes mad. so thats about it!
michael:   i dont understand why you keep picking on me
stanley:  oh, for the love of god
michael:  you just, do, and i dont know why, so… please help me understand
stanley:  fine. here it is: you are a person i do not respect. the things you say, your actions, your methods, and style. everything you would do, i would do it the opposite way
michael:  well stanley, maybe youre feeling that you dont respect me because you dont know me very well
stanley:  michael i have known you a very long time, and the more ive gotten to know you, the less ive come to respect you. any other theories
michael:  all right, you dont respect me. i accept that. but listen to me, you cant talk to me that way in this office, you just cant. i am your boss. cant allow it
stanley:  fair enough.
michael:  i am good person, and sometimes, good people dont get no respect. rodney dangerfield.  hey, i dont get no respect. no respect at all. when i was in the sandbox as a kid, i got not respect. my wife likes to talk after sex, so she called me from a hotel room, and said, “i dont respect you!” ahh, thoughtless. aw, you know what dont get no respect? airplane food. why dont they just make the plane out of the airline food? my wife dont get no respect, some–take her, please, for example.  if you dont get no respect, you might be redneck.  respect is niiice. borat.  whats the deal with grapenuts? no grapes, no nuts. i dont get no respect!
michael:  so im thinking, as a reward for our loyal clients, that we contact their assistants, and we find out where they live. and then, we go to their houses, in the middle of the summer, and go caroling. it is a summer christmas sale-abration. and we call it, a summer sales-a-lot. feedback? anybody? stanley
stanley:  has potential to be your best idea yet.
phyllis:  thats the dumbest thing i ever heard.
michael:  dammit, phyllis. alright, everybody out except phyllis.
michael:  you know, i dont care what he did to me.hes mean to other people, thats what gets me.hes just
jim:  who else is he mean to
michael:  everybody.he just, hes always, hes always talking about people behind their backs to me
pam:  what kind of stuff does stanley say
michael:  like that people are stupid, and that theyre idiots, and that theyre sluts
kelly:  why would he say that
michael: because hes mean.hes, hes like a really mean-spirited guy.he talks about how gay oscar is
jim:  mm-hmm
michael:  and that angelas a midget, and that  your chin is too big
jim:  hey
michael:  i know, i know.i think its tiny.i think its too small if anything.and that your glasses make you look ugly
jim:  shes never worn these glasses before
michael:  well, hes just mean
pam:  michael, i think that what stanley did to you was rude.maybe you should just get him aside and tell him that he was behaving badly
michael:  its complicated, pam.i mean, the world looks a lot easier from behind your reception desk
jim:  well, i actually agree with her, i think you should talk to him.and you also might want to explain to andy that no one wants to help him decide whether or not he has a rash
kelly:  oh, yeah, and then, yell at creed, because you know what?looking can be as bad as touching
michael: okay.
michael:  i put stanley on a pedestal, for a long time.but sometimes he can just be a big, fat jerk.i… jerks dont deserve to be on pedestals.jerks should be placed up somewhere where everybody can see how jerky they are.big marble… jerk stand
michael:  pam, stand up
pam:  hi everyone.my name is pam, and i wear glasses
meredith:  hi, pam
michael:  pretty disgusting.
phyllis:  i like your frames
pam:  thanks, phyllis.yours, too
phyllis:  oh, well, im already married.boys dont make passes at girls who wear glasses
kelly:  ignore her, those glasses are so cool
pam:  really
kelly:  yeah, you look like lisa loeb or tina fey or someone.you should definitely wear them all the time
pam:  huh.maybe i will.
kelly:  guess who just became the cutest girl in the office.
pam:  whats it like without my glasses?um, well, here, ill show you.unfocus your lens.a lot.im 20/400.you got it?okay, im gonna spend the rest of the day like this.i cant see any of the things that would bother me on a normal day.i cant see anything disgusting, or ugly, or michael… its great.
ryan:  yo
pam:  hi, can i help you
ryan:  haha, nice!i guess i have been a stranger lately
pam:   ryan
ryan:  hey, pam, do you want a bagel?
pam:  yeah
ryan:  think fast.  honestly, pam, the bagels in new york are the only good bagels in the world, i swear to god
pam:  okay
ryan:  the only good bagels anywhere
pam:  ive heard that.
ryan:  same with coffee, and women
pam:  okay
ryan:  im gonna go find toby.oh, heres what you do. you scoop out the middle, like that, and then you just eat the shell.you know? fewer carbs.
pam:  yeah, if i could have seen what he just did, i think i would have gotten angry
jim:  a formal warning, seriously
toby:  well, as you know, dwight has filed a lot of complaints against you over the years
jim:  and no one cared
toby:  but now its being looked at as more of a productivity issue
jim:  productivity?my numbers are good
toby:  i know, um, but ryan thinks that, uh, theyre not good enough.
ryan:  wallace likes jim.so going after him – thats a risky move for me, but in business, you gotta take risks.sometimes you gotta get out on the open highway, with the top down
