pam:  w.b. jones is renovating their offices and their construction crews are taking up some of the parking spaces we used to get.
jim:  so we had to park at a satellite parking lot over there.
pam:  which just means we get to see more of our lovely street. tell them what we saw today jim.
jim:  oh today, we saw a junk yard dog attacking the bones of a rotisserie chicken.
pam:  nature.
oscar:  been here nine years. now all of a sudden im supposed to park half a mile away.
andy:  i lost a penny out of my loafers, oscar.
kevin:   i will quit. as god as my witness, i will quit if this is not fixed.
pam:  some of us like the walk more than others. 
kevin:   hurts like hell.
pam:   did you pick a new chair? its been awhile.
michael:  pam, when i first opened this catalog, i thought i was just going to be picking out a chair. 
pam:  but instead, you found something to distract you from ever picking out a chair.
pam:  michael started the process of selecting a new chair about three weeks ago. and normally i wouldnt care, but he promised me his old one. its way better. its one of these.  i really want it.
michael:   have you ever seen this woman? 
pam:  her? 
michael:  hmm…
pam:  the one in the really great mesh black high-back swivel chair? 
michael:  look at her smile. those eyes, look at her eyes. shes got – i dont know what it is actually, she dresses like a professional and yet you know there is a side of her that could just curl up on a couch.
pam:  or in a great chair. 
michael:  oh, yeah, maybe, but remember after my dinner party when i said that i was swearing off women?
pam:  i definitely remember your dinner party. 
michael:  i think what i meant was that i was completely swearing off one woman.  jan. i think that fate put this catalog in my hands. 
pam:  actually, i put the catalog in your hands cause you have to pick out a new chair.
michael:  what is it like being single? i like it. i like starting each day with a sense of possibility. and im optimistic because every day i get a little more desperate and desperate situations yield the quickest results.
michael:  ladies and gentleman, would you please open your supply catalogs and kindly turn to page 85. 
creed:   yo, is this his new chair?
pam:   no, he hasnt picked one yet. 
creed:   daat!
creed:  when pam gets michaels old chair, i get pams old chair. then ill have two chairs. only one to go.
michael:  i am ready to start dating again. getting back on the market. so, fyi, for those of you who are thinking about fixing me up with any of your friends, use the woman on page 85 as a template. that will be all.
andy:  i left my cell phone in my car. 
phyllis:  call us when you get there so we know youre ok. 
michael:   listen man, i am completely over jan, so, would you set me up? 
kevin:  if i had someone to set you up with michael, then id take her for myself. 
michael:  i thought that you were engaged? 
kevin:  nope. stacy broke up with me. 
michael:  whaaaat? god, thats terrible man. eghh, shes crazy. umm, are you still on good terms with any of her friends? 
kevin:  not anymore. 
michael:  oh…
kevin:  its a bitter situation. 
michael:  yeah… ugh. shes…  you dont deserve her. alright.
michael:   oh hello oscar mayer weiner lover. i bet that you have a bunch of very liberal girl type friends that trust you implicitly because they know youd never touch em, because of your condition. umm…
phyllis:  michael?
michael:  what? 
phyllis:  i have a friend whos single. 
michael:  oh.
phyllis:  sandy. shes gorgeous and shes got a feisty personality, too.
michael:  hmm, i see, feisty. so shes not jolly or sassy? not like a jolly, sassy opera singer? 
phyllis:  umm, no, shes a professional softball player. 
michael:  oooo. catcher or in field?
phyllis:  umm i dont know michael.
michael:  is she a dress wearer or a pants wearer? could we share a row boat? could, could a row boat support her?
phyllis:  what are you asking?
michael:  i think im being very clear what im asking. would an average size row boat support her without capsizing?  it bothers me that youre not answering the question. 
phyllis:  no, alright no, she cant fit in a row boat. 
michael:  damn it, i knew it! i knew it phyllis! ok!
michael:  what is wrong with these people? i would do anything for them and theyre just hanging me out to dry.
michael:  dating shouldnt be hard for somebody like me, but it is and you know why? because nobody here is willing to help me. nothing would ever get done in this office without a formal request, would it? well, fine. here goes. 
angela:  i dont think that this is—
michael:  well, now ok, i know that this is probably not appropriate, but i need help. because i want to play ball with my kids before i get too old. and before that happens i need to get laid. and before that happens i need to be in love. and i dont wanna hear “ahnnn… i cant help elhh la la.” no. no. im a catch and i am not going to be the one who got away. so, this is what were going to do. dwight is going to hand out index cards and i want you all to write down the name of an eligible woman for me to date by the end of the day. no, by the end of the hour or you are fired. 
dwight:   write legibly people.
andy:  because of the construction at w.b. jones, half of us have to park in the satellite lot.
michael:  hmm..
andy:  its like a ten minute walk.
kevin:  no, thirty.
michael:  well, look, i am in an assigned parking place in front, so… alright, alright, alright, umm let me try to think about what it would be like to not have one.  ok, yes that would be bad. 
kevin:  yes.
andy:  yes.
michael:  that would be bad.
andy:  ok.
kevin:  nice.
andy:  …so help us out. 
michael:  wish i could, but i cant. well can, but wont. should, maybe, but shornt.
kevin:  michael, please he–
michael:  what part of shornt dont you understand, kevin? look i could probably handle it, yes, but i think it would be a good exercise for you guys to do it yourselves. 
andy:  we wont let you down. 
michael:  oh you cant because i dont care. listen,  dont forget to fill out those cards. my love cards.
stanley:  theres nobody i hate enough to write her name on this card. 
phyllis:  well, im setting michael up with my fat friend anyway, he can just deal with it. 
pam:   who are you putting down? 
jim:  oh, you dont know her. 
pam:  who is it? 
jim:  your mom. 
pam:  yeah, whatever.   give it to me. give it to me.
michael:  ok, wendy. hot and juicy red head. give this a try.  
michael:  hello wendy, this is kevins friend, michael. 
michael:  oh, im sorry, could you put her on please?
michael:   damn it kevin. ok, umm, could i just have a frosty and a baked potato please?
michael:  well, ill send somebody to come pick it up. just have it ready. 
michael:  well put it aside.   umm… yeah.
dwight:  ok, i have collected the rest of the ladies.
michael:  good. good because this batch was awful. umm… this one says chair model…
dwight:  i wrote that. michael, you shouldnt have to settle. this is my pledge to you. i will find her and i will bring her to you and as god as my witness, she shall bear your fruit. 
michael:  that sounds good.  go get her. wa-wait, wait, wait, wait. first, go to wendys, get my food. come back and then go.
dwight:   that is fantastic. thank you, thank you very much. this is just what i needed.
dwight:  the furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency. they gave me the name of the photographer. the photographer, a spaniard, used a wilkes-barre modeling agency. the agency gave me the following information.  deborah shoshlefski. 142 south windsor lane. dead. car accident. case closed.
michael:  shes dead?  shes so young. 
dwight:  she was so young and now she is dead. as dead as every dead animal who has ever died. 
michael:  oh, god. oh…
dwight:  why dont you sit down? michael… come on.  here we go. yeah. 
jim:  michael, you didnt even know her.
michael:  try not to be so hurtful jim.
dwight:  jim, how dare you. 
michael:  please, not at a time like this. 
pam:  ok michael, you know what? i might have someone for you. 
michael:  oh really? whats her name? burger king? 
pam:  no, i mean it.  shes really nice and sweet and you guys might actually get along. 
michael: i dont, i dont think im ready. is she hot?
pam:  im setting michael up with my land lady. shes really sweet and… whatever, i just cant take michael like this.
michael:  no question about it, i am ready to get hurt again.
kevin:  we need to assemble the five families. 
michael:   no, not the five families.
kevin:  we have to.
kevin:  the five families are the five companies of scranton business park. the bosses rarely meet. theres michael scott, regional manager, dunder mifflin. bob vance, vance refrigeration. paul faust of disaster kits limited. they call him “cool guy paul.” w.b. jones of w.b. jones heating and air. grade a bad ass. and bill cress of cress tool and dye. bill cress is super old and really mean.
michael:   sorry, i dont have time for this right now. im trying to get a date with pams hot friend. and she needs to meet me right now. 
kevin:   im calling the meeting anyway.
michael:   thank you very much. our suspect has straight brown hair. she is wearing blue jeans and a black top. so… behold our bachelorette . give her ten for looks and a three for her ability to describe herself. hello, my lady. 
margaret:  michael? 
michael:   ugh.
margaret:  are you michael scott? 
michael:  is who a michael what? 
margaret:  oh, im sorry, im, im supposed to be meeting someone named michael. 
michael:  oh, thats not, yeah im not… ok…
michael:  so you get the rent checks every month and what happens next? what…
margaret:  youre asking what i do with the checks that people write to me? 
michael:  just making conversation.
michael:  why is it so hard to meet people? i… you know… its uh… all i want is somebody nice and sweet and someone i can talk to and share an experience with, you know? why is it so hard for people like us? 
margaret:  i dont know.
michael:  you wanna see what i walked out on? this is gonna blow your mind.  look at that. 
margaret:  shes beautiful. 
michael:  yeah. yeah, and you cant see her whole body. down here, shes got a boob job. just… she was just crazy smart and really manipulative and i dont know. 
jan [on phone]:  michael? hello? michael? 
margaret:  im gonna head out. 
michael:  oh, ok. well, umm… i enjoyed this conversation. it was very nice. it was like talking to the sweet old lady on the bus. 
margaret:  thats incredibly rude.
michael:  now you ruined it. 
bob vance:  wheres scott?
andy:  uh michael scott could not make it today due to an unforeseen prior engagement. 
w.b. jones:  lets just meet back in an hour. 
andy:  gentleman please. we called this meeting. andrew bernard is the name of me. and this is my associate, mr. kevin malone.
kevin:   i… have… things…
w.b. jones:  alright, what do you want?
andy:  well first of all, id just like to say  what an honor it is to be sitting here with you gentlemen. 
w.b. jones:  you have about ten seconds—
kevin:  we want our parking spaces back!
paul faust:  whose parking spaces?
kevin:  w.b. jones construction guys park in our parking spaces every morning and some people have to park really far away and walk all the way to the office. and some people sweat too much for comfort and—
bill cress:  ohh… god…
paul:  i dont have time for this you guys.  just give em back their spaces. 
w.b. jones:  ok. 
paul:  we good? ok. could have done this over e-mail.
kevin:  after stacy left, things did not go well for awhile. and, and it was hard to see…  its just nice to win one.
michael:  margaret the land lady? really pam, is that what you think of me? 
pam:  shes sweet and cute. i thought youd get along. 
michael:  oh, ok, well im looking for a passionate affair, not companionship. im a man… of intensity, of, of cool and youth and, and passionately. god…
jim:   margaret? 
pam:  i know.
jim:  you just got yourself kicked out of your apartment. 
pam:  oh i dont care, i didnt really like that place that much anyway. ill just move. 
jim:  oh really? whos gonna take you in? youre messy. youre a klutz, you spill everything. and you leave the volume on the tv way too loud. 
pam:  yeah, maybe ill just move in with my boyfriend cause hes kind of a slob, too. 
jim:  ok, sure. lets do it. 
pam:  no, i umm, well im not gonna, im, im not gonna move in with anyone unless im engaged. 
jim:  have i not proposed to you, yet?
pam:  hmm, i dont, know…
jim:  oh, well, thats coming. 
pam:  oh, right now? 
jim:  no. not gonna do it right here, that would be rather lame. 
pam:  ok, so then, when? 
jim:  pam, im not gonna tell you. hate to break it to you, but thats not how that works. 
pam:  oh, right, yeah. 
jim:  wait, im serious. its happening. 
pam:  ohh kay. 
jim:  and when it happens, its going to kick your ass, beesly. so… stay sharp. 
pam:  ive been warned.
jim:  i am not kidding.  got it a week after we started dating.
michael:  i dont know man. i was with jan for so long. i was excited about meeting somebody new. put my heart out there. its just…  
dwight:  you know what you need? closure. 
michael:  youre right. what do you mean though? 
dwight:  there was a woman in your life who affected you very deeply, and she left before you could say good bye. i think you need to say good bye. 
michael:  hmm.
dwight:  come on. ill drive.
kevin:  we did it.
andy:   i did it.
kevin:  we got our spaces back. 
oscar:  wow. 
pam:  nice job. 
jim:  nice. 
andy:  yeah, there it is. youre welcome.
andy:  did i do this for me? no, i did this for the little guy. for joe sixpack. the guy who wakes up every morning in his four hundred dollar a month apartment, wonders hows he gonna pay his mortgage that month. wonders how hes gonna fill his car up with oil. wonders how im gonna pay my kids orphanage bills. that guy shouldnt have to wonder where hes gonna park.
michael:   how did she die?
dwight:  i guess you could say she died of blunt force trauma and blood loss. she got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger. 
michael:  god.
dwight:  yeah.
michael:  she was so innocent. 
dwight:  she was stoned apparently. 
michael:  you know i used to think that i had this perfect person out there waiting for me, but knowing that, thats just silly because shes dead. what do you do? 
dwight:  you wait until next years chair catalog comes out and you find someone whos still alive. 
michael:  oh, you move on. 
dwight:  yeah.
jim:  where do you want to go for dinner?
pam:  i dont know, i kind of hate all our regular places right now. oh, you know what , that one…
jim:  hey pam, will you wait for me one second while i tie my shoe? 
pam:   i hate you. 
jim:  what? my shoe is untied. what is your problem?  oh my god, you thought i wa— oh.
pam:  oh, oh.
jim:  no, no, no.
pam:  how could i have thought that? how could i have thought that?
michael:   bye, bye, ms. chair model lady. i dreamt that we were married and you treated me nice. we had lots of kids…drinking whiskey and rye, oh whyd you have to go off and die? whyd you have to go off  and die?
michael/dwight:   oh! you believe in rock ‘n roll. can music save your mortal soul? and then  can you have to dance real slow. well, i know that youre in love with him. ‘cause i saw you dancing in the gym.  ‘you both kicked off your shoes. those rhythm and blues…
michael:  return.
dwight:  rhythm and blues…
michael:  thisll be  the day that i died.
michael:  it is moving day.i have spent the last month here at dwights lovely farm, taking a little bit of a vacation, clearing my head after jan and i, um  ssp… no, i did not kill her.we were just at different places in our lives.no, i thought id be the bigger man and allow her to stay at the condo.she has since moved on; she is staying with her sister in scottsdale.fresh outlook, and its all good.
dwight:  okay, so look that over, make sure its accurate.
michael:  oh.what is this?
dwight:  your bill, minus the ten percent dunder mifflin corporate discount.
michael:  you were charging me?im your friend.
dwight:  you occupied the america room for six weeks.thats our most popular room.
michael:  there was no other guest the entire time i was here.
dwight:  right.because you were in the america room.in an election year.
michael:  okay.all right, dwight.take my money.go ahead.keep in mind that this whole thing was just a business transaction.the late nights, the talks, the slumber parties, the crying jags, that was all business, that had nothing to do with friendship, and being friends.just ring me up.go ahead .
michael:  thank you, dwight.
dwight:  we dont take debit cards, anyway.
michael:  dwight, little help with the bags, please
michael: so, what about you, angela?do you have any single friends?
angela: i dont.
michael: a cute little religious type, someone who wears a uniform, or…
angela: a catholic schoolgirl?
michael:  no, no, obviously older.
angela: a nun?
michael: love.marriage.baby carriage.those have been my goals ever since i heard that song.jan and i had love.we did not have marriage.we did have a baby carriage, which i got her for bringing groceries home, after she got a dui.
kelly: hi, michael. 
michael:  hey, kelly.
kelly: yeah, what are you doing here?
michael: nothing.just hangin.chillin.no agenda.would you consider hookin me up with one of your friends?
kelly: oh, all my friends are crazy.my one friend, brianna… 
michael: yeah?
kelly: oh, my god…
michael: thats hilarious.whats her number?
kelly: shes 23.
michael: mmm… nah, thats too young.
kelly: actually, i know a ton of people that i can set you up with!
michael: oh.
kelly: some of my friends parents, theyre getting divorced now. so i think some of those, like, older ladies, theyre really looking for a guy to go on a date with
michael:  all right, times up!pencils down.please pass your future mrs. michael scotts forward.
toby: forcing your employees to set you up is not a, uh, uh, technical violation of any dunder mifflin rule.you know, but neither is forcing them to help you with a shot-by-shot remake of indiana jones.huh-how do you make a rule book like that?
michael: pammy?
pam: i dont have anybody.
michael: you dont have one single girlfriend? 
pam: no…
michael: im not looking for a perfect 10 here, just somebody to hang out with.just fun, healthy young woman.
pam: sorry. 
michael: a kindergarten teacher, who is great with kids, maybe an ex-model, and now she wants to do something with her brain?
pam: no, i dont, i…
michael: how bout a professional volleyball player who models on the side?
pam: i just…
michael: you know, just a fun, guh, look, there, here, it doesnt have to be a model.im not, dont rule out model, but just in terms of models, there are like twenty different categories.theres face models, hand models, body models  – yes.
jim: i actually know a sex model.
michael: really?
jim: yep.yeah.shes blind, is that a problem? 
michael: no, i am, its all about the personality, jim.
jim: okay.
pam: are you talking about beverley? 
jim: yes.
pam: because shes not a sex model.shes a tollbooth operator.
jim: oh, yeah.
michael: send me a picture.
michael: so far, these are my leads.a blind tollbooth operator and a twelve hundred pound catcher.its a start
