pam:  whats wrong michael
michael:  i got gum in my hair
pam:  you do
michael:  this just stinks. dont touch it, please dont touch it
dwight:  youve got a ton of dandruff
michael:  ok, let me be
jim:  howd you get gum in your hair
michael:  i was walking in and i noticed something shinny under stanleys car and i got under to see what it was and i messed up my hair, all for a stupid piece of tinfoil
jim:  but best case scenario, you thought it was a quarter
michael:  kill me… right now
pam:  we have peanut butter in the kitchen
michael:  i dont feel like peanut butter. get me an ice cream sandwich
jim:  nope. not for you its for your hair, and it is 9 am
pam:  no dwight, not the good peanut butter. people are going to get mad
michael:  hey, hey, hey. this is my hair were talking about.
michael:  smells good
dwight:  taste good too
michael:  oh dont. thats disgusting
dwight:  wow! lot of calories
michael:  well just dont leave it on too long. keep massaging please. ah yeah, thats nice.
dwight:  hey michael, how was your date last night
michael:  
michael: i will be honest; the dating has not been going well. look, men are visual creatures. we crave beauty, like a piece of fine art by any number of renowned artists, or an arty photograph of cindy crawford nude… that, but the women im getting fixed up with are, egh! not that they arent nice, or that have great personalities, they just… they just lack a certain… crawfordness.
oscar:  i am livid, absolutely livid
angela:  its ridiculous.
ryan:  yes, im having the scranton branch come in on one saturday so they can re-enter sales that they made on the phone as sales that were made by the website which they should have done in the first place, if the website had been working.
ryan:  my favorite branch. hows everybody doing?
jim:  hey man, you mind if i run something by you
ryan:  love it. go
jim:  well, i kinda feel like what we have going for us is our customer service, and no matter how we change this up, i dont know that a websites going to be able to replace that
ryan:  i can tell you thought about this a lot, i appreciate that
jim:  thanks
ryan:  david wallace does too. you told him all about this at the christmas party, right
jim:  did i? i dont
ryan:  you did. yeah
jim:  hmm
ryan:  watch your back jim. im just kidding.
michael:  ladies and gentlemen, may i have your attention please. i know that a lot of you are very angry with ryan because he is the reason we all have to come in tomorrow, however, i swear to god, if any of you hurts him in any way emotionally or taunts him or makes fun of his height or his half beard or
ryan:  ok thanks michael
michael:  yeah
ryan:  im here today to do some creative problem solving about dunder mifflin infinity and field your questions
dwight:  question
ryan:  dwight
dwight:  why am i being forced to come in tomorrow and pretend that a website made sales that i made
ryan:  this is a temporary measure to increase the legitimacy of the site
stanley:  i dont like when my clients call me to help them use the website, im not seeing commissions on that
ryan:  i hear you stanley, that is a great observation. problems like that will not happen when we launch dunder mifflin infinity 2 point o
stanley:  when will that be
ryan:  tbd. phyllis
phyllis:  did the police solve the problem with the
ryan:  yes, yes they did, yes they did.
ryan:  yes, the social networking feature of the dunder mifflin infinity website was infiltrated by sexual predators.
dwight:  i dont understand why our website has to have social networking at all
jim: yeah, i actually have to agree with dwight on that one
ryan:  its all about creating a one stop shop consumer experience, alright? youre chatting with your friends, youre talking about the latest music, about the election; all of it is happening in our virtual paper store
jim:  and then an older gentleman asked you “boxers or briefs?
creed:  i dont get the big fuss here, i like the site
kelly:  if id have created a website with as many problems, id kill myself
ryan:  do you have a question kelly
kelly:  yeah i have a lot of questions. number one, how dare you
michael:   ryan has done a very good job, and i am not applauding sarcastically. think about it, a month ago nobody would go on this site because we were worried about getting molested, or losing our identity, having it stolen. but now, at a time tdb, all of the problems will be in the past. ya done good kid, ya done good.
michael:  well it has been nice seeing you again my friend
ryan:  you too
michael:  oh ryan, i need a girlfriend so bad.
ryan:  michael let me go. let me go michael
michael:  argh. alright. do you know any girls in new york you might want to hook me up with? some that might be interested in a guy like me
ryan:  na
michael:  na
ryan:  sorry man
michael:  well you tried
ryan:  but seriously, you should see the girls i meet at clubs in the city
michael:  yeah
ryan:  unreal
michael:  they sound great
ryan:  bye everyone. stay real scranton, alright. peace.
michael:  would you have sex with meredith
jim:  what
michael:  do you think shed keep it quiet
jim:  im gonna go to my desk
michael:  jim, its not the horniness, ok its the loneliness that
jim:  i know
michael:  lets go to new york. well go clubbing with ryan
jim:  i cant
michael:  yes you can, youre single, im single. itll be awesome
jim:  im not single
michael:  who you dating
jim:  pam
michael:  thats still going on?
michael:  ok, dwight grab your stuff, were going to new york to party with ryan and to meet girls
dwight:  yeah
andy:  oh yes! count me in dudes. i am in some serious need of some bro time. old ball and chains been a lot more chain than ball lately if you know what im saying
angela:  im right here
dwight:  no, singles only, singles only. also three is unlucky. curse of three
michael:  sorry andy. cannot take any chances on curses, not tonight. lets go. everybody, i will see you tomorrow, saturday morning, probably wearing the same clothes that i am wearing right now, if you catch my drift
angela:  we get it
michael:  i am going to go get laid. goodbye
dwight:   with sex
michael:  thats… i, i think that…
jim:  you know what? if we all stayed a couple of hours late tonight without michael distracting us, we wouldnt have to come in at all tomorrow.
jim:  so i caught everyone before they left and i told them my idea, and they loved it. because this is a group that respects good ideas… the one time a year they hear one.
michael:  ryans assistant told us that he would be at this club this evening. it is called prerogative.
michael:  place is packed
dwight:  fire hazard
michael:  packed with beautiful babies. swingers. classic. john favreau, tall guy from dodgeball
dwight:  women look like white slaves
michael:  no, theyre just hotties.
ryan:  i dont know man, when you think about it, cabos really the third world. i dont go to a place like that to see more poverty you know. you go there to get some glamour
michael:  hey
ryan:  michael
michael:  hey
ryan:  what are you doing here
michael:  well you know, just taking you up on your offer to party, so tada
ryan:  that is so awesome man
michael:  alright
ryan:  and you brought this guy
michael:  yeah
ryan:  aww
michael:  ryan, its michael and dwight
ryan:  i know its you guys
michael:  ok
ryan:  im so psyched youre here
michael:  well
ryan:  woooo
michael:  alright
ryan:  lets get a drink
michael:  lets do it!
jim:  thanks a lot guys, good job
kevin:  later
jim:  nice job everybody. great work.
stanley:  did you not tell the security guard we were working late
jim:  nope. i didnt, but lets go inside and i can call him right now
pam:  you cant, i locked the office from the inside when we left
stanley:  perfect, you guys worked together on this one. if im not in my bath with a glass of red wine in an hour, youre both dead.
pam:  there is a master key and a spare key for the office. dwight has them both. when i asked, “what if you die dwight, how will we get into the office?” he said, “if im dead, you guys have been dead for weeks.”
ryan:  guys, i want you to meet a really good friend of mine, this is troy
michael:  hey, nice to meet you
troy:  hey, how ya doing
dwight:  hey, dwight. you resemble a tolkien character
ryan:  ah, he basically is man. hes a regular banking wizard
dwight:  no, no, no. not a wizard, a hobbit
ryan:  bottle service yall
michael:  oh ok, all i know is i would like some chicken fingers and a midori sour
waitress:  we dont serve food here
michael:  oh ok, then just bring me two cups, one with olives and another filled with maraschino cherries
dwight:  do you live in a regular sized house
ryan:  yeah. hes a normal guy, hes cool.
jim:  you really dont have his phone number
pam:  i told you, i have the number that rings here. do you want that number
toby:  i might have it in here
pam:  aw! thats great toby
toby:  its so random that i have it
pam:  toby, youre the best
toby:  when i put it in i thought it would be a waste of time, but i guess it was worth it
jim:  great, its under here as security guard home. did you not get his name? or
toby:  no
jim:  its ringing. does anybody have his name? quick
andy:  yes, its eddie
jim:  its not, its not eddie, its ah, evan or
creed:  hank, his name is hank
jim:  no guys his names not hank, its ah, is it edgar
phyllis:  elliot
oscar:  elliot
jim:  is it elliot? hey ch… chief, this is jim halpert from um… where you work. youre the guy who sits behind the desk… youre, youre the, the afri… african-american guy, i mean youre. ah… who, whove i got here?
ryan:  dwight schrute man. hows schrute farms
dwight:  good
ryan:  this guy owns his own beet farm
troy:  insane
dwight:  well its weevil season but we were prepared
ryan:  weevils, what a crazy word man. what? i dont even know what that means. what does that mean
dwight:  they lay their eggs inside the unripe beet root, then come spring time the babies eat their way out
ryan:  crazy. thats too much for me man, im gonna hit the bathroom
dwight:  youve already been several times
ryan:  yeah
dwight:  maybe you have some kinda bladder infection
ryan:  i dont know, maybe
dwight:  ill order you some cranberry juice
ryan:  with vodka, youre the best
dwight:   do you have powers?
jim:   oh thank you hank. you are a lifesaver, hank. appreciate it.  alright, so hank is gonna come down here and hes gonna let us all out.  he said it should just be under an hour, so…  we did it
oscar:  we should all make sure to give him a big tip this christmas.
toby:  sorry guys, but i dont think i tipped him for last years
angela:  yeah, neither did i.
phyllis:  jim was supposed to collect it.
jim:  yup
kevin:  way to go, man
kelly:  now hes never gonna come.
andy:  by a show of hands, who thinks were a better couple than jim and pam?
pam:  phyllis.
michael:  i umm, thought about getting a tattoo on my back as well at one point. i was thinking about getting “back to the future.”“back” because its on my back and “future” because im the kind of guy who likes to look ahead into the future. i just think a tattoo should mean something, you know? and its my second favorite movie.
girl in club:  ive never heard of that movie.
michael:  back to the future?  oh, wow. well you should take a, a film education course.
girl in club:  how old are you
michael:  forty… im in my forties.
girl in club:  wow. thats so cool.
michael:  nuhh
girl in club:  well im gonna go back to my group now
michael:  oh, ok.
girl in club:  thanks for the drink
michael:  you are welcome.
michael:  this place is like sexy pre-school.
ryan:  did you want a place where we could meet older women?
michael:  i would love a place where we could meet older 
ryan:  hell yeah. ill hook it up.
michael:  ahh, wow. thats dangerous.
ryan:   check again, ryan howard.
dwight:   excuse me.
tall girl #1:  yeah
dwight:   how did you all find each other
tall girl #1:  uh, were the jersey state varsity basketball team. northeast regional champs
all girls:  wooo
dwight:  amazons.
ryan:   its off. its not the dude i know. its some other loser who wont let us in without chicks.
michael:  youre kidding
ryan:  lets bail.
dwight:  ok, wai, wai, wai, wait, wait.  you two, jersey state girls, lets go.
tall girl #2:  were not going unless we can all go.
dwight:  ok. you know what, fine. lets go, two girls to a guy. come on, lets do it. cmon, ryan. move out. ok, three or four with him . lets go, cmon. here we go.
toby:  hey, look what i found in the back.  wanna play? teach you to throw.
pam:  i know how to throw a football.
toby:  course you do
andy:  yeah, pam! hit me up! go long. woo!
meredith:  owww
kevin:  oh god.
bartender:  there you go
dwight:  wait, wait a minute, whats this, i didnt order this
bartender:  its for you. from them.
dwight:  oh. 
troy:  what are you doing man
dwight:  its not safe. anything could have been in there.  nice try.
michael:  ive never met anyone who does that. you wash dogs? very cool.
michael:  i am a bank teller.
michael:  ryan told me to always tell women you work in finance.
michael:  i think so
michael:  yeah, i have fun.
michael:  all right.
michael:  very perfect.  oh my  this needs to be shared.  
michael:  she washes dogs.
ryan:  youre doing it man.
michael:  i know. i dont wanna get ahead of myself, but i think i want her to meet my mom.
ryan:  hey man, you ever think theres gonna be this massive nuclear holocaust, and after all the major nations are destroyed theyll just be the tribes in the jungle that rise up and survive? the jungle war fares gonna rule the world
michael:  yeah, maybe.
ryan:  its inevitable, right
michael:  hmm…
jim:   please dont pick up, please dont pick up, please dont pick up
hank:  hello
jim:  haaank. is that you
hank:  yeah.
jim:  still havent left the house yet, huh
hank:  ill get ready to leave.
jim:  good. please hurry.
hank:   stop calling me so i can put on my damn socks
jim:  will do.  ill stop calling.
michael:   i am. i am getting out there. well, no ive asked a lot of girls to dance mom. theyre just, its not…  yes, i shaved above my neck. oh my god, mom, i gotta go. one of my friends is getting beaten up by some girls.
pam:  actually, its kind of too bad were not coming into work tomorrow.
oscar:  why
pam:  i bet michael had some elaborate theme party planned, like scrambled egg saturday.
toby:  more like “everyone lets get your boss laid saturday.”   i have an announcement uh, to make. i am moving to costa rica. thought about it for a long time now. and im finally gonna do it. so, im just gonna hop the fence and jog home now. 
michael:   those girls really wailed on you bad.
ryan:  why wouldnt they let me dance?
michael:  well
troy:  ok i gotta go. do not take him to a hospital.
michael:  pretty weird.
tall girl #1:   you have to go with me
dwight:  i do, i have to go
tall girl #1:  stay. stay, please
dwight:  no, i have to go. good luck against conn college, alright
tall girl #1:  call me.
dwight:  uh huh.  im not gonna call her.
michael:  lets go
ryan:  i dont wanna go back in
michael:  i know, here we go.
jim:   cleaning people. oscar.  ok, so all you need to do is explain to them what happened, cause i think they can help us.
oscar:  why are you assuming they only speak spanish
jim:  i… just… if they speak spanish.
oscar:   good evening, we locked ourselves in.  nosotros trabajamos aqui, nos trancamos, ok?
cleaning lady:  ohh
oscar:  they 
jim:  lucky us.
ryan:  this is a one time thing, you know that right?
dwight:  wow.
michael:  this is it.
dwight:  all right.
michael:  this is where the magic happens
dwight:  nice.
michael:  very nice.
ryan:  one of you guys can have the sofa, and one of you guys can have
dwight:  i got sofa. i got sofa.
michael:  dwight, im the boss
dwight:  i got floor.
michael:  case anyone needs to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, i dont wannna get my head stepped on.
dwight:   do you want me to sing you a song my mother used to sing me, when we were sick
ryan:  no. 
michael:  dwight, shh shh. dwight. leave him alone.
dwight:  its a lullaby.
michael:  shh. ryan, ryan, were going to take your clothes off.
ryan:  no. guys, i think my friend troy might have a drug problem. what do i do
dwight:  i think his species might have a higher tolerance than ours.
michael:  shh, just stop. heres what you do. you tell him that youre his friend and that youre gonna help him and that everyones gonna be all right. and then you put a wire on him and you find out whos selling him drugs and then you get that guy and you flip up, turn him into a snitch. you follow that guy to the people whos really really bad. been watching the wire recently. i dont understand a word of it.
ryan:  guys, im going to sleep. you can leave the light on if you want, but please stop talking, ok
dwight:  ok. good night ryan.
michael:  best night ever.
michael:  like i said, its not about the horniness, its about the loneliness. and how can i be lonely with my boys? like a famous person once said, boys on the side. but i dont, i disagree, i say… lets hear it for the boys.
hank:   son of a bitch.
michael: youre gonna be okay, its gonna
dwight: ohhh, man! there it goes
michael: ahh, ooh
dwight: i am so sorry.im so sorry, sir
michael:  come on, come on
dwight: thatll come out of the upholstery. oh, man.he threw up in the back of the taxi
ryan: dehydration
michael:  here we go, lets sit down
dwight: its dehydration.he went to the bathroom at the club like fifteen times
michael: all right, shhh.dwight, leave him alone.
troy: hey, dont blame me for what ryan does.im not his dad.im his friend, okay?and friends are there to help you have a good time.and sell you the stuff you need to have a good time.
michael: you had a rough night tonight.but your life is very good, my friend.youve got a great job, you… you can have any woman you want, youre good looking, you, you know
dwight: friends with a hobbit
michael: frien..sss…yes, youre friends with a hobbit, and… look where you live.i mean, youve got it all
ryan: yeah, new york is great
michael: no, i mean this apartment building, its fantastic
ryan: oh, this, this is not my apartment.this, this is the metropolitan museum of art
michael: well, now i can say that i went to a museum
phyllis:  i dont understand.which one is that
pam: thats the other boleyn girl
phyllis:  oh
oscar: honestly, the book is so much better than this
pam: shh.
stanley:   ah, we dont know.they didnt give him his christmas bonus this year, so…
hank:  stop calling me so i can put on my damn socks
jim: will do. ill stop calling.
kelly: was he still there
jim: no, that was his wife, so hes on his way
kevin: jim, how long?i have to go to the bathroom
jim: well, hell be here really soon, kev
angela: if you hadnt made us stay, wed all be home by now
stanley: somebodys always got to be a hero
kelly: im so cold, im gonna faint.if i faint, its totally your fault, jim
jim: lets be honest, its not totally my fault. shared responsibility
pam: mmm
jim: oh, i just mean if you, if you didnt lock the door, then we could be upstairs where its warmer
pam: im supposed to turn the lock when i leave, its part of my job
jim: is that… i didnt know that was your… okay, so were in agreement, this is not ideal… situation
michael: ryan
ryan: yeah
michael: do you ever miss us
ryan: not really.new york is…so great
michael: ryan?
ryan: yes
michael: do you remember what color my eyes are
dwight: hazel.theyre hazel
michael: dwight, i asked him.
ryan: no, i, i was going to say hazel, yeah
michael: really
ryan: yeah
michael: not just because he said it?
ryan: no
michael: ryan
ryan: youre my friend, michael.ok
