dwight:   hello, this is dwight schrute.  hello?
jim:   hello, this is dwight.
dwight:  hello? hello?
jim:  yes, we do have that. hold on one second…
dwight:  jim, what are you doing?
jim:  and how many would you like?
dwight:  uh, uh, hang that up right now. ha-
jim:  absolutely. we can get that out to you immediately.
dwight:   this man is an imposter! do not do business with him! this is not dwight schrute!
jim:  dwight left his cell phone on his desk. so, naturally, i paired it to my headset.
dwight:   k, fine. ill just let it go to voicemail.
jim:   hello, this is dwight.
pam:  hey, is this dwight?
jim:  yes it is.
pam:  oh my goodness, you sound sexy.
jim:  oh, thank you. ive been working out.
dwight:  woah, woah, woah, pam!
pam:  have you?
dwight:  pam! you are not talking to dwight right now. you are talking to jim.
pam:  dwight?
dwight:  no!  pam, im over here!
pam:  im confused…
dwight:  disconnect that right now. you give me your earpiece.
jim:  cant do that. unsanitary.
dwight:  ugh! okay, you know what? fine. i will reprogram my phone to go to my office phone.  done.
jim:   this is dwight.
jim:  oh, and i forwarded his desk phone to mine.
jim:  oh, hello mater. good news: ive married. tell fater.  such a nice woman.
dwight:   argh! ahh!!
michael:  today is toby flendersons last day. i couldnt sleep last night. i came extra-early. so much energy… there are certain days you know you know you will remember for the rest of your life, and i just have a feeling that today is one of those days.
toby:  morning.
michael:  mornin.  so here we go, just a matter of hours now, until his horribleness has left the building. im going to set my watch alarm… and… 
toby:  good morning, kelly.
kelly:  i cant believe this is your last day. how do you feel?
toby:  fine. good.
kelly:  i feel weird.
michael:  first thing on the agenda-actually, the only thing on the agenda, is the status of tobys going away party.
angela:  we have a buttercream cake and a slideshow of toby.
michael:  okay.
angela:  but so far we only have two pictures of him.
michael:  okay, well, this will not do. toby is going away forever, and uh, we need to do something very very special. in some cultures, when somebody leaves, like new orleans culture, they have a parade and they have a band and people party in the streets…
pam:  do you mean, leaves as in dies? you want us to throw toby a new orleans funeral?
michael:  if the devil were to explode, and evil were gone forever, what sort of party would you have?
angela:  michael…
michael:  like a beach blowout? or a toga, toga-
angela:  no. you know-no!
michael:  toga!
angela:  you always do this! we have a nice, modest party planned, and then you come in and demand the world. let me be clear. there is simply no money for anything other than a cake and to develop a few more slides… although toby wont be in them.
michael:  i thought that you might say that. 
michael:  every year, my sweet, sweet grandmother sends me a check on my birthday for fifty dollars. and lately, she has been sending me, like nine or ten checks a year… uh, as nana starts to… but, i knew i should be saving it for something, i just didnt know what i should be saving it for. and then i had an awakening. “michael, buy a motorcycle.” so i put the money in my shoe, and then i forgot about it until now.
michael:  i want a party that makes me feel like i am flying through the air without this… ugly weight holding me down, you know?… i want an antigravity machine. i saw it in a movie. you drink a potion, and then you just start floating all around.
pam:  so how much antigravity potion do you want?
angela:  no! no! you know what? this is not a party-planning committee anymore! and i dont want your foot money, and i feel uncomfortable participating.
michael:  phyllis, can you do this?
phyllis:   yes.
pam:  hi, can i help you?
holly:  hi. yes, uh, im holly flax. i was told to ask for a mr. flenderson?
toby:  as part of my last day im training the new human resources rep in the ways of the company. again, the company has allotted for this training-one day.
toby:  so this is h.r. this is your desk.
holly:  i love the view.
toby:  yeah, its great, isnt it?
pam:  hey. 
jim:  hey… what?
pam:  guess who just got into the pratt school of design.
jim:  no way! what did i say? i said that theyd love those sketches. congratulations!
pam:  oh, thank you! i dont know why i doubted it, because im so clearly awesome!
jim:  yes! so when do you start?
pam:  i dont know, i didnt read it carefully, i just saw “congratulations” and i skimmed the list, i saw my name, i came in here to tell you and get a snack.
jim:  wow. busy morning.
pam:  so, you know it means i have to go to new york for three months…
jim:  its not a big deal. ill come visit you. and youll visit me. its only two hours away. itll be fine. that parts gonna suck, but itll be great.
pam:  yeah, it sucks, but itll be great.
jim:  see how easy that is?
pam:  ohh… 
pam:  i wouldnt go if things werent so solid with jim. and down the road, if we have a family, i couldnt go then either. so, the timings perfect… and that is the first time ive ever used the word “perfect” in here!
toby:  hey, stanley…
stanley:  hmm?
toby:  i want to introduce you to…
michael:   tobys replacement. ugh. wow.
dwight:  so what do we know about her?
michael:  well, we know that toby thinks shell be great. so, strike one, i hate her already.
dwight:  i hate her too.
michael:  why do you hate her?
dwight:  because she… stinks… with her… ways… and her… head.
michael:  you know, dwight, sometimes… i dont know, i think you say things just to agree with me.
dwight:  would that be such a bad thing?
michael:  yeah! it would! just have a thought. have an original thought. although, i will agree that her head is weird. you know what we need to do?
dwight:  what?
michael:  we need to sell her an elevator pass.
dwight:  but our, our elevator doesnt require a pa… 
michael:  exactly. a little old-fashioned hazing.
phyllis:  hi. are there any local companies that rent antigravity machines?
phyllis:  thats right. yeah.
phyllis:  they make you feel lighter…
phyllis:  okay.
michael:   yeah.
toby:  hey michael.
michael:  oh, hey, do you still work here?
toby:  id like to introduce you to my replacement.
michael:  nah.
toby:  come on.
michael:  no. i think i will pass.
toby:  michael scott, this is holly.
holly:  hi.
michael:  hi. yeah. right. okay, well, they hired a female toby. good for the world. thank you, god, for creating two of you. heres how things work here: my job is to make the office fun. your job is to make the office lame. and we have an eternal struggle, you and i. and only one of us can be the winner. spoiler alert: im gonna win.
holly:  man, someone doesnt like h.r.
michael:  yeah.
holly:   what did you do to him?
toby:  nothing.
michael:  t-no. he tortured me… with his awfulness.
holly:  yeah, i know what you mean. i nearly fell asleep when he gave me a tour of the files. um, well look, ill let you get back to work, but i-i really look forward to working with you, mr. scott.
michael:  y-you can-michael.
michael:  thanks to toby, i have a very strong prejudice against human resources. i believe that the department is a breeding ground for monsters. what i failed to consider though, is that not all monsters are bad. like e.t. is holly our extraterrestrial? maybe. or maybe shes just an awesome woman from this planet.
creed:   the pleasures all mine.
holly:  oh, thanks. im really looking forward to sitting down with you and finding out more about what you do here.
creed:  any time.
holly:  what do you do here?
creed:  …excuse me.
creed:  what is wrong with this woman? shes asking about stuff thats nobodys business. “what do i do?”… really, what do i do here? i shouldve written it down. “qua” something, uh… qua… quar… quibo, qual…quir-quabity. quabity assuance! no. no, no, no, no, but im getting close.
dwight:   have you been introduced to kevin?
holly:  no. which ones kevin? 
dwight:  hes here on a special work program. hes slow, you know, in his brain.
holly:  oh. good for you guys.
dwight:  yeah.
dwight:  hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked.
dwight:  accounting department, listen up. holly, human resources. angela, oscar, and kevin. 
holly:  hello. hello.  hi.
kevin:  hi.
holly:  what do you do?
kevin:  i do the numbers.
holly:  oh, good for you.
kevin:  do you want a m&amp;m?
holly:  oh, no, that is so sweet. but thank you though.
kevin:  yeah. i keep them here at my desk so that everybody doesnt take them.
holly:  well that is a very safe place for them.
kevin:  yeah.
michael:  here she is! holly… you know, if we hung holly from the ceiling, wed have to kiss underneath of her. so-i know. oh, sorry. question, are you real, or are you a hollygram?
holly:  oh…  nice, ive never heard that one before actually.
michael:  i bet.
holly:  thats good.
michael:  i bet. are these guys boring your ears off?
holly:  no, no, i…
michael:  oh… what, um, what is your commute like? how long does it take to get in?
holly:  ooh, uh…
michael:  you know, i should make you a mix. do you have a, uh, a cd player?
holly:  um… y-yeah. okay.
michael:  all right.
holly:  thanks.
michael:  yep.
holly:  great.
pam:  do you like it? its a photo of everyone in the office. so you can take it to costa rica.
toby:  youre-youre not in it.
pam:  well i was taking the picture.
toby:  i love it. i love it… i would love a picture of the two of us, to also take to costa rica.
pam:  sure, do you have a camera here?
toby:  no, uh…  does anyone have a camera here?  no one has a camera here. uh…
pam:  okay…
toby:  im gonna… ill go get one. stay. 
jim:   so i just got the fax closing the sale, and uh, its big. it is really big.
ryan:  congratulations!
jim:  thanks.
ryan:  dont interrupt.
jim:  i just-
ryan:  congratulations on doing your job. did you enter the sale on the website?
jim:  no, i didnt. i just logged it in right here, so…
ryan:  all right, try to be a team player here, jim. log it in the website.
jim:  all right, well it already went through, so…
ryan:  dont worry about that. just re-log it. 
jim:  hello?
michael:   hmm… jim?  i am downloading some n3p…
jim:  thats not it.
michael:  music…
jim:  yeah.
michael:  for a cd mix tape…
jim:  close.
michael:  for holly.
jim:  mmhmm.
michael:  and im looking for perfect songs that work on two levels.
jim:  what are the two levels?
michael:  the two levels being, uh, “welcome to scranton”…
jim:  mmhmm.
michael:  and “i… love you.”
jim:  okay. lets start with the “i love you” level.
michael:  hey, whats the group that was from scranton that made it big? was that u2?
jim:  yes. you dont love holly.
michael:  i think i do.
jim:  but you just met her.
michael:  well, it was love at first sight. actually, it was-no, it was when i heard her voice. it was love at first see with my ears.
jim:  oh, okay, it doesnt work like that.
michael:  well, youre not a romantic.
jim:  actually, i think i am. and i have a little bit of experience in office romance.
michael:  oh really?
jim:  yeah.
michael:  like, with who?
jim:  weve been through this.
michael:  pam?
jim:  yes, we are still dating. and guess what? i took it slow.
michael:  yeah, you took it too slow.
jim:  well, were really happy.
michael:  this thing with holly feels a lot like love to me.
jim:  and thats really sweet. and you can think that. but you dont say that out loud, and you definitely dont say it to her.
michael:  i dont want her to get away.
jim:  i know. here, michael, you can court her as you get to know her, you know? i mean, the office is a great place for that. pam and i, we got to know each other right out there. i mean, the first time we joked around was at my desk. and the first meal we ever had was, in the break room, actually. we were at two separate tables and, i remember that. the first time we kissed even, was right outside, and… look, all im saying is that you can get to know someone really really well, like i did, right here at work.
jim:  i was thinking… fireworks for the party. what do you think?
phyllis:  oh boy. i appreciate your help, but i cant…
jim:  oh, no, no, no, no, no. i just meant i wanted to pay to have fireworks at the party.
phyllis:  why would you do that?
jim:  because im gonna miss toby. yep, hes a heck of a guy, and i think we should send him off right. it doesnt matter. here ya go. 
phyllis:  really?
jim: well we all want a good party, right?
jim:  im going to propose tonight. holy crap!
holly:  hey kevin.
kevin:  hi.
holly:  do you need some help?
kevin:  i cant decide what to get.
holly:  well, what do you like to eat?
kevin:  well i like pretzels, but, i really like chips.
holly:  hmm. well how much money do you have there?  okay, lets see… fifty… oh, this is a button. okay. fifty-five, sixty-five, okay, you have seventy-five cents. so, that means you could get anything up in the top row.
kevin:  hmm…
kevin:  im totally gonna bang holly! she is cute, and helpful, and she really seems into me.
jim:   hey, ryan, its jim. look man, i dont know whats gotten into you lately, but you know what? i really dont care, because youre trying to get rid of me. and i bet you dont think i care enough about this job to actually fight back, but youre wrong, because i do, and i will. so you can keep trying to push me out of this place, but guess what? im not going anywhere. 
holly:   damn it!
michael:  hello, holly.  woah, what are you doing? you dont, uh, you dont have to do that. i mean, we have already put-together chairs. thats how we buy them actually.
holly:  oh, im trying to adjust the lumbar support on tobys chair and… that made this up/down lever thing not work, and then i took the whole chair apart, and that… is the story of me on the floor. its pretty good, right? you know, im gonna sell the movie rights.
michael:  and the sequel, “woman stands at desk and works.” so, i have no idea how you,  how you sit like that.
holly:  yoga.
michael:   sit on floor and put together chair we will.  yo-da. um…
holly:   pass curvy metal piece, you will.
michael:  so are you in down this weekend? cause, im not-im not… im not gonna be in town. im going out of town.
holly:  ohh, so you cant make my orgy? kidding!
michael:  kidding.  acting!
holly:   acting!
michael:   acting!
holly:   lovitz.
michael:  yeah.
michael:  i did it! 
jim:  whatd you do?
michael:  i talked to her-holly. just pleasantries, nothing, you know… not like, do you want kids or, religion, or what side of the bed do you want. hey, i can take either side of the bed at this point.
jim:  wow. okay, so howd that feel?
michael:  it was hard. i wanted to kiss her.
jim:  oh, im so glad you didnt.
michael:  whew, oh god.  laying a base. laying a base…
jim:  there you go. theres plenty of base-laying left, right?… hey. hey!
michael:   yeah…
phyllis:  hello angela.
angela:  phyllis, you look like youre gonna have a heart attack.
phyllis:  can i get a list of your vendors?
angela:  i shredded it.
phyllis:  why would you do that?
angela:  gosh, i just dont know. why do you think?
phyllis:   sorry.
toby:   whatd you guys do?
michael:  oh, there he is. thought you had gone home already. why dont you go home, and come back for the party?
toby:  well, we still have to do the exit interview.
michael:  yes we do.
michael:  ill let you in on a little secret: ive been very much looking forward to this moment. very, very much. i-i have been steeped in anticipation. toby has been cruisin for a bruisin for twelve years, and i am now his cruise director, and my name is captain bruisin.
toby:   wow, thanks, michael, i…
michael:  can i just say that, of all the idiots, in all the idiot villages, in all the idiot worlds, you stand alone, my friend.
holly:   hello.
michael:  hey! hi, good to see you.
holly:  you too.
michael:  im just having a little exit interview.
holly:  yeah, i know, thats why im here.
michael:  um, no, no, no. this is very boring stuff. why dont you take a tour? have you seen the baler?
holly:  no, no, ill look at it later. its part of my job.
michael:  okay.
pam:   did you need me to take notes?
toby:  hi pam. stay.
pam:  okay.
michael:  um… alright, well then, i will proceed.  i just have some questions that i was gonna ask. um… who do you think you are?
toby:  im toby.
michael:  yeah. correct. um… what gives-what-what gives you the right?
holly:  um, i-i brought the binder. do you wanna take a little look?
michael:  sure. you know what? that sounds good. ill take a little look-see.
holly:  here you go.
michael:  thank you.  what would you improve about dunder mifflin?
toby:  this place, um…
michael:  well, no no no no no…
toby:  ive got some ideas, i guess…
michael:  no no no no no. im not asking it. im just reading it out loud.
holly:  oh, id like to hear the answer.
toby:  well let me see… i would, uh…
michael:   ill kill you.
toby:  i guess everythings okay.
toby:  i made it this far, right? whats the point?
pam:  toby, why dont you open your present?
michael:  oh, no no no, no, no. no, this-hey, hey, hey, hey, this might not be what i think… that i dont even know is in there, because there are a lot of presents in my car, and i dont know which is which…
toby:   “suck on this.”
michael:  what the hell is that?
pam:  michael…
michael:  thats… what do you mean, “michael”? thats not even my handwriting.  hey! what the hell is going on here?! who thought it would be hysterical to give toby a rock for his going-away gift?!
dwight:  you did.
michael:  no!
dwight:  you made me wrap it. i thought it was over the line. i just- 
michael:  okay, you know what that is? you know what that is? that is… a psyche. psyche. so, that is not my real gift to toby.
pam:  so what is your gift?
michael:  my gift is forthcoming, pam.
pam:  what is it?
michael:  i am going to give toby…
pam:  your watch?
michael:  …yes, i am. that was it. how did you know that?
pam:  i just knew.
michael:  how did you know?
holly:  oh that is so sweet.
michael:  well… thats my watch.
toby:  thanks, im gonna set it to costa rica time.
michael:  hey, thats good.
creed:   hey, its the kid! look, look, look, look, look!  hey! its the temp! look! 
dwight:  oh my gosh.
creed:  its the temp! 
pam:  is that the police?
dwight:  yes.
creed:  mm-hmm.
oscar:  well this is what happened: uh, ryans big project was the website… which wasnt doing so well. so ryan, to give the impression of sales, recorded them twice: once as office sales, once as website sales. which is what we refer to in the business as “misleading the shareholders.” another good term is “fraud.” the real crime, i think, was the beard.
michael:   oh my god. ryan… oh my god.
kelly:  i cannot wait to visit ryan in prison. im gonna wear my hottest track suit, and get my hair done, and then be like, “hi ryan.” and then all the other prisoners are gonna be like, “damn! ryan, you got a hot ex-girlfriend. ooh, i would never have treated her so bad when i was outside of prison.”
jim:  would you do me a favor and connect me to ryan?
pam:  absolutely. 
jim:   right to voicemail.  hey, ryan, its jim. you know what? totally disregard that last voicemail, because you obviously have your hands tied. good luck! 
holly:  whats protocol on this?
toby:  i normally do nothing, i guess. no, you shouldnt- 
holly:  michael, are you okay?
michael:   im just worried about my friend.
holly:  oh, of course you are.
michael:  just, im fine. im holding it together. i-i have a business to run.
holly:  no, hey.
michael:  im cool.
holly:  stop. you can let yourself be upset. hes your friend. you know what i usually find?…
michael:  holly is sweet and simple, like a lady baker. i would not be surprised to find out that she had worked in a bakery before coming here. she has that kind of warmth. im pretty sure shes baked on a professional level.
kevin:   woah! cool! a bouncy house!
phyllis:  kevin, take your shoes off first!
michael:  no antigravity machine, huh?
phyllis:  sorry, michael, i dont think theyre real.
michael:  ferris wheels pretty cool though.
pam:  wow. look at our parking lot.
jim:  yeah, whod have thought? 
pam:  is jim gonna propose tonight? he is, isnt he? no, hes not… is he?
holly:  oh, it was a pretty good company, but i just couldnt see a future there. they kept hiring from the outside. it was easy to get in but impossible to rise up.
michael:  thats what she… a lot of places are like that.
holly:  i think its really cool you hired kevin.
michael:  thanks.
dwight:  you have it?
meredith:  almost. 
dwight:  okay, here we go. here we go.  put it in. 
michael:  i like, uh…
holly:  that-thats my car.
michael:  hey. what are you doing?
dwight:   mose!
michael:  what the hell is going on here?!
dwight:  n-nothing you need to know the details of.
michael:  there is a raccoon in the car, dwight!
dwight:  n-no theres not.
michael:  why did you do that?
dwight:  it was playful hazing.
michael:  no. there is no such thing as playful hazing. dwight, i want you to look at holly right now. everybody, i want you to look at holly right now, and maybe if you look at her deeply enough, you will see what i see in her. and that is that we are all very lucky to have her here. holly is the best thing that has happened to this company since world war ii. fifty years, she is the best.  take care of that, all right?
dwight:  its not rabid.
michael:  shh…
meredith:  thanks for bringing that up.
dwight:  get it out. come on, get it out. get it out.
michael:  im really sorry.
holly:  michael, thank you so much for saying that.  i feel so welcome here.
michael:  yeah…
holly:  i just… um, excuse me.
michael:  did you see that! did you see it? did you see what… wow-wee! uh, well, jan didnt believe in showing affection, so… sometimes i dont know how to react when a girl touches me. oh… i like it! 
phyllis:  hey, kev, i need you to do me a solid and go buy some more barbeque sauce.  okay.
holly:  cool! you drive your own car?
kevin:  yup. this is my car. do you drive your own car?
holly:  yep. just like you.
kevin:  okay, bye.
holly:  bye. kevin, im really proud of you.
michael:   alright! lets hear it for darryl and his band.  you know what? lets also give a shout-out to phyllis for this awesome party, huh?
pam:   yay, phyllis!
michael:  probably the best one that we have ever had, right?  but the real reason that we are here, is to say goodbye to a guy who we will probably never ever see again. now, a lot of you know that i am an accomplished songwriter.
pam:  song parody writer.
michael:  i have done things like um, “beers in heaven.”
jim:  classic.
michael:  or, “total eclipse of the fart.”
jim:  not my favorite, but…
pam:  i like that one.
jim:  its not my favorite…
pam:  i like that one.
michael:  i love to sing them, but i am not going to be doing that today. i am going to be doing something i wrote specifically for toby.  do you know, um, “goodbye stranger”? supertramp?
darryl:  yeah. 
michael:   it was early morning yesterday… i was up before the dawn… and i really have enjoyed my stay… toby must be movin on.
pam:  im gonna to miss toby. he has a nice, calming presence in the office.
michael:   goodbye toby, its been nice. hope you find your paradise…
pam:  dont tell him i said this, but i always thought he was kinda cute.
michael:   come tomorrow, feel no pain! feel no pain! toby! toby! tobee-yy! tobys goin away! see ya! hes outta here! see ya! hes outta here! ohh! goodbye toby! goodbye toby! goodbye toby! goodbye tooo-by!
holly:  not bad.
michael:  oh, hey. thanks.
holly:  someday i would love to hear “beers in heaven.”
michael:  oh, okay. yeah. well, actu-too soon. its uh, its uh, very sexual.  sorry. kevin.  kevin, where are you? you missed my song, buddy.
kevin:  yeah, michael, im at gerritys. you have to come down here.
michael:  just pay for it and well reimburse you when you get back.
kevin:  no, i-i brought my money. michael, theres something that you need to see.
michael:  what is it?
kevin:  just hurry. 
holly:  is he okay?
michael:  yeah. hes at the supermarket and he needs me.
holly:  yeah well, the party, driving to the supermarket… its a big day for him.
michael:  yeah, thats true. dont move a muscle. i will be back momentarily, all right?  no, you can drink-you can finish your drink and then ill-okay, ill be back.
jan:  well it was good to see you.
kevin:  it was great to see you, jan.
jan:  yeah, so…
michael:  o-kay. hello jan.
jan:  hello… michael.
michael:  wow, kevin, really? were-  sorry. were in the middle of a party.  is this why you called me down here?
kevin:  yeah, michael, i just uh…
jan:  i…
kevin:  i think you kids have a lot to catch up on.
michael:  oh, okay.
kevin:  yeah.
michael:  thanks, kevin. um… 
michael:  wow. i cant believe it! look at you!  are you nauseous?
jan:  no.
michael:  do you-do you have cravings? you never touched my propecea, or my accutane, did you?
jan:  uh, no.
michael:  good. good. thank god.
jan:  i didnt…
michael:  cause thats…
jan:  … touch that.
michael:  wow, i am so happy. i am so deliriously happy…
jan:  why?
michael:  because youre pregnant, and because it obviously happened when we were together. and, i am very…
jan:  yeah, it did…
michael:  … proud.
jan:  … happen when…
michael:  um…
jan:  … we were together. thats true. and-but, you… are not… uh, youre not the dad.
michael:  you cheated on me… when i specifically asked you not to?
jan:  …not to. no, i did not. i did not cheat on you.i did not.
michael:  well, okay… 
jan:  yeah.
michael:  so its mine, and its not somebody elses, so… i know… the whole toilet seat thing is a myth, so…
jan:  i went to a sperm bank.
michael:  you did?
jan:  yuh-huh.
michael:  when we were going out?
jan:  uh, yeah.
michael:  w-i dont understand. you always used to be very cautious… id wear two condoms.
jan:  i know.
michael:  youd rather have somebody elses sperm than my sperm?
jan:  no, no no… its not just any sperm bank. i mean, its really… this is a really, really great place. its amazing, actually. im gonna bring you the catalogue. you should look through it. its… and its-in fact, its right next to that little breakfast place that you like in the city where you can draw on the tables.
michael:  ihop.
jan:  ihop.
jan:  if i was 22, and i had lots of time to have lots of children, then sure, lets let michael have a shot at one of em. but, honestly, i need to make this one count.
jan:  oh, thats really good. i feel so much better. i just needed to get all that out onto the table.
michael:  im glad you told me.
jan:  look, i dont know what youre gonna be doing tomorrow, but i have my lamaze class in allentown, and um… you could come. i usually, you know, use a foam noodle instead of a partner…
michael:  um, ill… i have to think about it.
jan:  okay.
michael:  my whole life, i have known two things: i love sex, and i want to have kids. and i always thought that those two things would go hand in hand, but now, i think it might be one or the other.
pam:  oh look, theyre starting. 
angela:   well, i hope you had fun today, because youre never ever throwing a party again.
jim:   hey…
andy:   can i have your attention please?  i was waiting for the right time to do this, and i cant think of a better time than right now, with the music playing, and all our friends around, and fireworks going off… my parents are here! andrew and ellen bernard. thank you for sharing in this joyous moment. miss angela martin, will you please join me onstage?  okay, then i will come to you, my flower. 
darryl:  unh! damn it!
andy:  angela, will you do me the honor… of giving me your tiny hand in marriage? 
angela:  …okay.
andy:  into the mic, sweetie.
angela:  i said, okay.
andy:  she said yes!  and the crowd goes wild! woo! 
andy:  ive been carrying that ring around in my wallet for six years. because you dont know when youre gonna meet the right girl and the moments gonna be right. and tonight, with the fireworks, and the music, and everything… it was right.
kelly:  can i be your bridesmaid?
angela:  no.
dwight:  well… its my own fault.
andy:  tuna!  im engaged!
jim:  i know. thats awesome, man. thats great.
andy:  mr. andrew bernard… its got a nice ring to it.
toby:  hey. hey, you know, i just realized uh, i dont have a picture of the two of us.
pam:  oh, yeah, um…
toby:  yeah, could we…
pam:  sure. meredith, do you mind?
toby:   this one right here.
meredith:  okay. one two three-  oh lets do it again. pam your smile is weird.
toby:  its digital, so just take as many as you want.
meredith:  one, two three-  one, two, three- 
pam:  i dont know, i just, i really thought jim was gonna propose tonight…
holly:  hey there.
michael:  hey.
holly:  so you missed something really big.
michael:  yeah?
holly:  yeah, andy proposed to one of your accountants.
michael:  oh, wow.
holy:  im not so specific as i can be on my first day, but…
michael:  well, i can see andy proposing to angela. i can also see him proposing to oscar.  oh…
holly:  so… you know, somehow after all those ribs, im still really hungry. i dont know, i was thinking of maybe going off-campus somewhere, getting some dessert, or…
michael:  oh, um, well, you know what? you should go to the glider diner. ask stanley about that. practically lives there.
holly:  okay.
kevin:  ill go to the diner with you.
holly:  oh that would be great.
kevin:  yeah, we can go eat pie.
holly:  i love pie.
kevin:  me too.
holly:  okay.
michael:  have a good night.
holly:  okay. good night.
michael:  bye.
holly:  yeah, it was a good day. i mean, first days are always the hardest, right? well, i should go.  i gotta buckle him in.
michael:  well this is it. i am here to see you off.
toby:  thanks…  really, michael?
michael:  sorry. corporate policy.
toby:  its not.
michael:  you might take something.
hank:  i dont think hes gonna take anything.
michael:  okay, security guard.
toby:   oh, some kind of… alarm.
michael:  okay.
michael:   hi, jan, its michael. i just um, i just want to let you know that i am going to go to your lamaze class tomorrow. um, and if theres any details you need to fill me in on, like… what exactly lamaze is, that would be great. and i… will see you tomorrow morning.  i am going to be… kind of a daddy.
phyllis:  party plannings a real high. like a runners high. 
angela:   oh my god!
dwight:  what? 
toby:  this is jim halpert…
jim:  hi.
toby:  and pam beesly.
holly:  oh, pam!toby says such nice things about you.
pam:   thank you!
jim:  he didnt mention me, did he?
holly:  oh, no, he said you were a really good salesman.
jim:  thanks, toby.
toby:  youre welcome.
jim: ive always gotten along well with toby.uh, were friends.but i dont think well stay in touch necessarily.i think ill probably get updates on him from pam.
holly:  oh, i think that makes us neighbors.
meredith:  its a couple streets over.
holly:  oh, maybe you can show me some of the fun hangouts, and where to get my nails done.
meredith:  sure!that sounds fun!
holly:  great.
meredith:  i hate that bitch.i wanna cut her face. 
dwight:  stop!dont look at me.on the counter you will find bread, peanut butter, and jelly.pretend to make yourself a sandwich.
meredith: pretend?or really make one?
dwight:  really make one.
meredith:  make your own in sandwich.
dwight:  will you please?make a sandwich.now, according to my sources, you have an issue with the new h.r. woman.well, so do i.and so does our secret benefactor.thats too much peanut butter.what i propose is a good old-fashioned hazing, and i need your help.if you choose to accept this mission…wipe the knife off before you stick it in the jelly.have you ever made a sandwich before?dammit, meredith
phyllis:   well, who can do a party of this size?but youre in the business, you must surely know of some other businesses.okay, well, i just want a damn dance floor!sorry. so sorry, i shouldnt have sworn, im so sorry.um, thanks for your time. what?sorry, i shouldnt have said ‘what like that, it was really rude.
jim:  scared me.hows the party planning going?
phyllis:  jim, i am so fed.
jim:  so its going great, sounds like.
phyllis:  i dont know, im not used to the stress.
phyllis:  when i was growing up, my mom said, “the skys the limit.”i could do anything.be a teachers aide, nurses assistant, some kind of volunteer.but now, i, im not so sure
toby:  this is a picture ive been carrying around in my wallet for about six years.its this unspoiled beach in costa rica, playa grande.um, i take it out when i get stressed or depressed, and it really calms me down.never thought id get to live here, you know.but it turns out they built these great new condos there, so, this could be me, right around, uh, where the trees used to be.
toby:  hey. 
jim:  hey.
pam:  hey.
toby:  hey.
pam:  did you just buy that?
toby:  yeah, i guess it will be my, uh, thing in costa rica, be a nature photographer.
jim:  thats cool.
toby:  yeah. um, you mind if i get a picture?
jim:  sure!
toby:  think you could… okay.  okay.
jim:  good one?  thats a cool camera
jim:  okay, this is the second time in two days that the website isnt working.do you guys know anything about it?
dwight:  the website is hiding, forming alliances with other sites, preparing an attack for which we will have no defense.
jim:  do you honestly believe that?
dwight:  yes, i do.
jim:  im gonna get a second opinion.
andy:  it was down for a couple hours yesterday, then back up, and now ive heard from a very reliable source that it is once again out of commission.and that reliable source is you.
jim:  okay, you could just say you dont know whats going on.
andy:  um, i do, cause i just told you.
jim:  is ryan gonna fire me?i dont know.i know that ive done everything i can, and i just brought in a huge sale, and… am i insane, or was this kid a temp two years ago?because in the three years that hes been here, i think all hes ever done is start a fire and grow a beard.and its not even a good beard.
troy:  troy undercook, for michael.
pam:  ahh!im sorry, i didnt, i didnt see you come in. 
dwight:  troy!what are you doing here?
troy:  just filling in for ryan, as a favor.
dwight:  where is ryan?
troy:  he had an urgent matter in new york.
dwight:  welcome to our land.
pam:  dwight.  michael will be out in a second.
dwight:  can i get you a tankard of mead?
jim:  hey, troy, can you do me a huge favor?next time you see ryan, can you tell him to check his messages?thatd be great.
troy:  if i see him, ill tell him.
jim:  why wouldnt you see him?you work for him.
troy:  i report to wallace now.
jim:  okay, whats going on?
dwight:  looks serious.
someone:  whats a…
michael:  oh, my god.
dwight:  troy, do you know anything about this?
troy:  maybe i do.
dwight:  maybe i do.enough of your magical riddles
phyllis:  and if the food stations are here and here… no!here and here.drinks here, then people can mingle.but then where would the band go?
bob vance:  mmm.well, what about there?
phyllis:  mmm, no bob, i dont know.
phyllis:  its times like these, i wish my mother were with me right now.shed show me what to do.thats stupid; shes not here. shes at water aerobics for the next forty-five minutes.
stanley:  why dont we eat more corn dogs?theyre delicious.
oscar:  totally, theyre the best.
stanley:  corn dogs should be the standard.corn dogs should be called hot dogs, and hot dogs should be called bad dogs.
oscar:  why dont we make corn burgers?
stanley:   what a messed up world.
oscar:  seriously, do you like my idea?corn burgers.
angela:  i need you to make an announcement that this party is a disaster.
andy:  but i dont think its a disaster.i think its fun, and i like the food. 
angela:  deep fried twinkies?its gross! 
andy:  is that what that is?
angela:  yes.
andy:  you know what, i didnt try those.  i could try this.augh!fried twinkies, you kidding me?starting to wonder about the food in this place .oh, god!that is so good
stanley:  when i had my colitis, toby was very helpful.he gave me seven weeks off.when i had my acid reflux, toby was not as helpful.so im mixed on toby.
michael:  toby flenderson, come on up here.
toby:  uh, no, thats okay.
michael:  come on, no, no, no.
co-workers:  toby! come on, toby!
michael:  toby!
co-workers:  toby! toby! toby!
toby:  okay, okay, im going.
michael:  toby has written a fantastic speech for you, he spent a year on it.its very funny and charming and heartwarming.and it rhymes, and if its not any good, he has instructed us all to storm the stage and beat him to a bloody pulp. no!so, take it away, toby!whoo!
toby: well, uh, okay. um.its really great to be here tonight, with the ferris wheel, the band, and the low sunlight.im gonna miss you all when i go to costa rica, and if i keep drinking beer like this, im gonna have to take a leak-a. look, on a more personal note, i just want to say thanks, you know, no matter what was going on in my life, you know, my divorce, or the custody battle, or that thing with my sister, it was just nice knowing i had a, a supportive place to come to where…
michael:  ach,  okay, okay, play the cutoff music.
darryl:  no.
toby:  im gonna really miss going to beers with you guys every tuesday night  and lastly, id love to urge you to keep up with my fight to have the building checked for radon gas.you know, its a, its a real serious matter, and every time i try to have the, uh…
michael:  blah, blah, blah, blah…
toby:  …building looked into…
michael:  …blah, blah, overstaying your welcome!lets keep it moving!lets keep it moving!toby, everybody!
creed:  i gave toby my buddy jorges number in costa.hell hook toby up with everything: cable tv, women, oh, and this amazing coffee to snort
