michael:  ok, well i did not get the job in new york, but i got the real prize, domestic bliss. jan made me breakfast this morning… well she bought the milk. its soy.  this is why i do it, thats what i have to come home to.  she probably wont be up for a few hours
michael:  this is going to be a very good year. very good. jan is at home. jim is back. my protege ryan is at corporate. good stuff. um… andy and dwight are rockin the sales team. i feel very blessed.
it tech guy:  you know generally its not a good idea to click on offers that you havent requested. what was the exact offer
pam:  it was for a video
it tech guy:  yeah, what kind of video
pam:  a celebrity sex tape
jim:  really, what kind of celebrity
pam:  not relevant
jim:  how much did you pay for it
pam:  not relevant
jim:  you paid for it
pam:  it all happened so fast
jim:  i broke up with karen after the job interview, and uh… it was a little awkward when she came back from the city. she told me, very clearly, just because we were broken up didnt mean she was going anywhere, because she worked really hard for her career. but the next day her desk was empty, and as for me and my current romantic life, i uh… im single now and looking, so if you know anybody
pam:  jim and i went to dinner a few times when he got back from new york. i talked him through his break up. its really nice to be good friends again
kevin:  are you kidding me, pam and jim are totally hooking up. all they do is smile; theyre just keeping it a secret. right?
oscar:  i dont know, there is no evidence of intimacy. theyve been in remarkably good moods. it could be other things
kevin:  are you kidding me
pam:  and sunday im thinking of going to that flea-market at the drive-in
jim:  oh that sounds fun. im mountain biking on sunday. on montage mountain
pam:  cool
jim:  yeah
pam:  well have fun with that
michael:  ladies and gentlemen. i have some bad news. meredith was hit by a car
jim:  what
dwight:  where
michael:  it happened this morning in the parking lot. i took her to the hospital, and the doctors tried to save her life. they did the best that they could… and she is going to be ok
stanley:  what is wrong with you? why did you have to phrase it like that
oscar:  so shes really going to be fine
michael:  yes. she has a slight pelvical fracture, but, ah… people have survived far worse
pam:  thank god you were there
michael:  yeah
andy:  did you see who did it
dwight:  no need we can just check the security tapes
michael:  gah. kind of a good news bad news there. i was able to be on the scene so quickly because i was in the car that hit her
jim:  who was driving
pam:  oh, michael
jim:  one day michael came in complaining about a speed bump on the highway. i wonder who he ran over then
dwight:  its only meredith
michael:  yeah, its only meredith, thank god. but did you see the way they looked at me? like i was a murderer or something
dwight:  hey… why did you do it
michael:  it was an accident
dwight:  was she talkin back
michael:  no
dwight:  did you get sick of that face? did she owe you money? uh-oh. is this downsizing? did she spurn your advances
pam:  hey guys, were all gonna visit meredith at lunch. and were kicking in $5 for flowers
kevin:  whos we, you and jim
pam:  no, uh, me stanley and phyllis so far
kevin:  oh, i bet jim goes too
pam:  yeah, i havent asked him yet
kevin:  oh, i bet you ask
pam:  i was planning on it
kevin:  i bet you were
pam:  angela
oscar:   subtle
kevin:  wha
pam:   are you coming
angela:  i cant, sprinkles is sick
angela:  shes been sick for some time. thank you for asking, no one asks… about sprinkles
angela:  i have to give her her meds, i have to pet her, and who will she eat lunch with
pam:  cant your other cats keep her company
angela:  theres bad blood, jealousies, cliques
pam:  angela, youre the chairman of the party planning committee. i shouldnt even be planning this, its your job
angela:   all right
michael:  my lord my liege
ryan:  yes michael
michael:  so ryan got promoted to corporate, where he is a little fish in a big pond. whereas back here in scranton i am still top dog, in a fairly large pond. so who is the real boss? the dog or a fish
michael:  so i need a little treat for the gang. something to win their affections back
ryan:  back? why is that michael
michael:  well, i ran down meredith in my car
ryan:  oh! did you do this on purpose
michael:  no, i was being negligent. but shes in the hospital, shes fine, recovering nicely. tiny little crack in her pelvis. but she will be up in
ryan:  did this happen on company property
michael:  yes. it was on company property, with company property, so… double jeopardy, we are fine
ryan:  i dont think you understand how jeopardy works
michael:  oh, right, im sorry. what is: we are fine
ryan: 
ryan:  people keep calling me a “wunderkind”; i dont even know what that means. i mean, i know what it means, it means very successful for your age, so i guess it makes sense, but… its a weird word
angela:  hey d
dwight:  hey monkey, whats up
angela:  can you do me a little favor? go to my place at lunch and give sprinkles her medicine
dwight:  sure
angela:  i have to visit the alchy
dwight:  check to see if shes faking. if a car hit me, it wouldnt crack my pelvis. you know what; i bet she cracked it at home. jumped in front of the car to get some workers comp
angela:  i wouldnt put it past her
dwight:  so what do you need me to do
angela:  i wrote it out
dwight:  mm-hmm
angela:  theres a diabetes shot, roll the insulin in your hand, dont shake it. she gets an ace inhibitor with her meal, but you have to put her right in front of the dish or she wont see it because of the cataracts. mix one capsule of omega fatty acid in with her kidney medicine, um… and you want to give that to her 15 minutes after shes eaten. and, oh and theres a fungal cream because she has this infection under her tail, so youre gonna have to lift her tail and put the cream right at the base of her tail
michael:  ok, i have an announcement
oscar:  you pushed darryl out the window
michael:  no
phyllis:  you shot dwight
michael:  no! that is not funny, i love my employees, even thought i hit one of you with my car. for which i take full responsibility. look im just trying to take everybodys mind off of this unavoidable tragedy, and onto more positive things. so i thought we should plant a tree
jim:  oh good, so we dont have to work
pam:  ok, were leaving for the hospital at 1
michael:  so, like a freedom tree
pam:  i can take 3 people
jim:  i can also take 3 people
oscar:   separate cars
michael:  pam
pam:  alright, i will get a card at the hospital and well sign it outside her room
michael:  pam
pam:  sales people can go later in the day. hourly works can go at lunch
michael:  ok, good good, so well just all go down there together at lunch
pam:  i
michael:  excellent
pam:  i was thinking that we
michael:  good work pam
pam:  but
michael:  yaaaaaay, pam! alright, since i am the boss i will drive as well. who wants shotgun
stanley:  you cant be serious. you ran a woman over this morning
michael:  everyone inside the car was fine, stanley
michael:  guess what, i have flaws. what are they? oh, i dont know. i sing in the shower. sometimes i spend too much time volunteering. occasionally ill hit somebody with my car. so sue me… no, dont sue me. that is the opposite of the point that im trying to make
michael:  eww. i hate hospitals. in my mind they are associated with sickness. oh… she looks like an angel
kelly:  she looks awful
michael:  no… ok, she always looks like that… that is not my fault
jim:  i think shes awake
michael:  no… shes in a coma
nurse:  no
michael:  ok… meredith,  ooooohhhhh. i brought all your friends from the office dear
meredith:  at the same time
michael:  yeah
stanley:  hello meredith
meredith:  this is weird
michael:  brought you some balloons. why dont we… here you go.  tie these up, cheer up your tubes…  oh! shhhh… for gods sake
kevin:  whoa
michael:  nurse
meredith:  no dont bother the nurse, just put it back in
michael:   i am going to be sick… im gonna puke
jim:  i wouldnt… i wouldnt worry about it. dont touch it
nurse:  what, what are you doing? just gimme that
meredith:  thanks
kevin: 
phyllis:  does it hurt terribly
meredith:  no, its not too bad. they have me on a lot of painkillers
creed:  oh really, what kind? codeine, vicodin, percocet, fentanyl, oxycontin, palladone? what
meredith:  i have no idea
creed:  oh.
meredith:  well it was really great of all of you to come and visit me at the same time. ill see you guys at the office
michael:  oh, ok… wait up, wait up, guys guys guys, hold on a second. you know what i was thinking might be sort of fun? is if you forgave me in front of everybody
meredith:  michael, im not gonna do that
michael:  cause you know what they say in the bible about forgiveness? forgiveness is next to godliness
angela:  no, thats not. thats next to cleanliness
michael:  well, just shhhh… just just
meredith:  you cracked my pelvi
michael:  look, i just… i dont understand what is preventing you from laughing this off and giving me a big hug
meredith:  youre not forgiven
michael:  come on. [starts to climb onto the bed with meredith
pam:  michael! michael
meredith: 
michael:  do i need to be liked? absolutely not. i like to be liked. i enjoy being liked. i have to be liked. but its not like a compulsive need to be liked. like my need to be praised
angela:  hey
dwight:  hey monkey
angela:  any problems
dwight:  well you left the tv on, and your cat is dead
angela:  what!
dwight:  sparkles, the white one, is dead
angela:  sprinkles
dwight:  that was the sick one, right
angela:  uh-huh. but i thought she had more time
dwight:  no
angela:  did she look… when you saw her how was she looking
dwight:  really dead. like a… just a dead cat
angela: 
dwight:  so… hey come on, dont be sad, just… ok… just. shes in a better place
angela:  alright
dwight:  actually the place that shes in is the freezer, because of the odor
angela: 
pam:   its gonna be ok
michael:  ok, you know what? everybody, lets just get over the whole meredith thing. she cracked her pelvis, a tiny little crack. she going to be fine, so lets just
pam:  michael, angelas cat died
michael:  sprinkles
angela: 
michael:   oh, sh… im sorry angela. man what a day huh? how could it get any worse? her computer crashes with the porn, and then meredith with the accident, and then… sprinkles! god, thats 3 things. ill tell you whats going on. this office is cursed, and we need to do something about it
michael:  well, i am taking responsibility. it is up to me to get rid of the curse that hit meredith with my car. im not superstitious, but… im… i am a little-stitious
michael:  did anyone do anything involving an indian burial ground
oscar:  like what
michael:  like park on it. or dig up a body… toby? anything you want to tell us
toby:  no, i did not violate an indian burial ground. in fact i had some good luck recently, alfredos pizza, picked my business card out of the basket, so… uh, i got a week of free pies
pam:  thats cool
toby:  yeah
michael:  perfect. so our tragedy is your good luck. satan
angela:  sprinkles never hurt a soul. god in your infinite wisdom how could you do this? she wasnt ready. she had so much left to accomplish
dwight:  shes only a cat
angela:  you never… you dont like them
dwight:  cats do not provide milk or wool or meat
oscar:  dwight please
michael:  dwight, you havent seen meredith yet, have you
dwight:  no, i have not
michael:  well, i think you should go to the hospital, and pay your respects
dwight:  i do not respect her, but i will go
michael:  alright, i would now like to talk about each of your individual religious beliefs
toby:  oh, michael, you cant ask about religious beliefs
michael:  satan is a master of lies. everything he says is the opposite
toby:  alright, well then you can ask about religious beliefs
michael:  thank you for the permission. psych! alright lets just go around the room, and tell me what you believe in
stanley:  im… um, catholic
michael:  ok
darryl:  presbyterian
michael:  alright
pam:  oh me too
darryl:  oh
pam:   same religion
darryl:  alright!
phyllis:  im a lutheran and bobs a unitarian. it keeps things spicy
angela:  thats why were cursed
creed:  ive been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. you have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader
michael:  kelly, you are hindu, so you believe in buddha
kelly:  thats buddhist
michael:  are you sure
kelly:  no
michael:  what are you
it tech guy:  well if youre going to reduce my identity to my religion then im sikh, but i also like hip-hop and npr, and im restoring a 1967 corvette in my spare time
michael:  ok, 1 sikh, and
dwight:  as a farmer, i know that when an animal is sick, sometimes the right thing to do is to put it out of its misery. with the electricity were using to keep meredith alive we could power a small fan for 2 days. you tell me whats unethical
dwight:  blink once if you want me to pull the plug
meredith:  dont pull any plugs
intern:  how are you doing ms. palmer
meredith:  better
intern:  excellent
dwight:  are you a doctor, or a male nurse
intern:  um… im an intern, which makes me a doctor, but
dwight:  pfft… her chart doesnt indicate that she had a hysterectomy but she did, or at least she got time off for one
intern:  ah, so uh… so that is where her uterus went… um, ms. palmer, your last tetanus shot was when you were bitten by a bat a few months ago
meredith:  yes. dwight here, trapped it in a bag against my head
dwight:  just doing my job
intern:  it also says you were recently bitten by a raccoon
meredith:  and a rat. separate occasions
michael:  you spend your whole life trying to get people to like you, and then you run over one person with your car.  and its not even one of the popular ones, and everybody gets on your case. doesnt make any sense… god is dead
kelly:  if there was a god then ryan and i would be married by now
michael:  maybe believing in god was the mistake. what did people believe in before? the sun? maybe theres some sort of animal, that we could make a sacrifice too. like a giant buffalo, or some sort of monster, like something with the body of a walrus with the head of a sea lion. or something with the body of an egret with the head of a meerkat. or just… the head of a monkey, with the antlers of a reindeer, with, ah… the body of a porcupine.
jim:  i will do some research
pam:  i can help you with that
dwight:  so, just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine
michael:  oh god, rabies
dwight:  mm-hmm
michael:  i was in the hospital room with her. how contagious is that, is that like an std
dwight:  no, no. youve gotta be bitten by something
michael:  this place is so cursed
dwight:  actually the doctor said it was lucky she came in to the hospital, cause the only way to beat rabies, is to start treatment before the symptoms set in… lock jaw
michael:   i know a lot of you are upset with me for endangering merediths life by hitting her, with my car. but it may make you feel a little better to know that before that happened, dwight endangered her life, by putting a garbage bag over her head that had a bat in it
jim:  six of one, really
michael:  turns out meredith has been exposed to rabies. which is like 10 times worse than a little crack in your pelvis. thanks to me she went to the hospital and i saved her life. curse is broken. curse is broken people!  oh… there is a god, and he has a plan for us after all. so go home get some rest, very very good work today. we got a lot accomplished
michael:  is there a god? if not, what are all the churches for? and who is jesus dad
kevin:   oh well, if they arent together now, then they probably never will be. i thought theyd be good together, like pb&amp;j. pam beasley and jim. what a waste. what – a – waste
pam:   i told you im not dating anyone. and even if i was, i dont think its anyones business. i mean, when i do fall in love, like when its for real, the last person im gonna talk about it too is a camera crew, or my co-workers.  almost marrying roy anderson was as close to pamela anderson as i ever want to be.  trust me, when i fall in love, youll know
pam:  michael scotts dunder-mifflin, scranton, meredith palmer memorial, celebrity rabies awareness, fun run race for the cure, this is pam
michael:  pro-am
pam:  pro-am race for the… they hung up
michael:  a woman shouldnt have to be hit by a car, to learn that she may have rabies. but that is where we are in america. and that does not sit right with me. and that is why im hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies. to raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies. a disease that has largely been eradicated in the us. but not very many people know that
stanley:   no, rabies… babies would be a good idea. can i put you down for a dime
michael:  hi stanley, how many sponsors so far
stanley:  zero
michael:  come on man, gotta step it up! its for a good cause. jan called this morning and pledged $500.00
andy:  isnt that your money
michael:  that… is for a good cause. phyllis, hows the rabies quilt coming
phyllis:  oh, its coming
michael:  oh, look at that, 3. way to honor meredith, phyllis
kevin:  michael
michael:  yes
kevin:  you cannot make me run
michael:  ok.
kevin:  it is not a real charity. its stupid michael, and im not gonna do it
michael:  alright, alright
kevin:  you didnt run for me
michael:  shhh
kevin:  …when i thought i had skin cancer
michael:  i know that youre probably scared of people seeing your fat legs in shorts
kevin:  no
michael:  ok, well back in olden times, a large fat person, like this, was a person of power. a person who had money, could buy food, person of respect. like the regional manager of the day. whereas, someone athletic and trim, like myself, was someone who worked in the fields… and i was a peasant
kevin:  i just dont want to run. i didnt bring my sneakers or my clothes
michael:  well, youre going to have to run, or youre going to be in a lot of trouble. it is not olden times anymore
andy:   im petrified of nipple chafing. once it starts it is a vicious circle. if you have sensitive nipples, they chafe, so they become more sensitive, so they chafe more. so… i take precautions.
andy:  hey angela. hey, um… im sorry about your cat.
angela:  this is sprinkles.  she was my best friend. i kept her going through countless ailments. i asked dwight schrute to feed her once, and she is now deceased. this is halloween last year,  just a couple of kittens  out on the town
angela:  pssst. im having relationship problems. and since youre always having relationship problems, i thought youd be able to give me some advice
pam:  whats wrong
angela:  i have this crazy thought, that i know is crazy. that maybe dwight killed my cat
pam:  hmm
angela:  when i got home, sprinkles body was in the freezer where dwight said he left her, but all my bags of frozen french fries had been clawed to shreds
pam:  ah
angela:  somethings not right. the vets doing an autopsy
pam:  angela, im sorry
angela:  did roy ever kill one of your cats
pam:  im more of a dog person
angela: 
jim:  so whats your strategy for this race
pam:  well im gonna start fast
jim:  mm-hmm
pam:  then im gonna run fast in the middle
jim:  what
pam:  then im gonna end fast
jim:  why wont more people do that?
pam:  cause theyre just stupid
jim:   what
jim:   oh, ah… no thats not… i mean that wasnt, ah
pam:  yeah… that was um
jim:  i mean i can see how it would seem a bit like we uh… how it looks like um… i mean now a days you can edit anything, right? i mean you can edit anything to look like um… anything
pam:  yeah, i gave him a ride home because
jim:  right
pam:  … were dating
jim:  wow! there it is
pam:  ah, yeah. we havent told anybody, but its going really great.  right
jim:  it is going really great
dwight:   oww
angela:  shut up
dwight:  youre taking this out on me, but i was only the messenger
angela:  oh, really
dwight:   youll feel better after the 5k. exercise is good for depression
angela:   im not depressed im in grief
michael:  we have raised, almost $700.00, most of it from me and jan. um… when do they put that on the giant check? or is that something that we write in later
pam:  well a giant check costs about $200.00 to make up. i have a print shop standing by but… what do you think michael, thats over 25% of our funds
michael:  hmm… thats a tough decision. um… i always imagined it with a giant check. so
jim:  yeah, i mean i personally am definitely on board for the giant check
pam:  giant check it is
jim:  yeah
michael:  yep
dwight:  well i dont know, on the other hand it does leave less money for bat birth control
jim:  bat birth contro
dwight:  wait, this money is going to bat birth control, right michael, thats what you told me when i contributed
michael:  you didnt contribute very much. i was also hoping to hand the giant check to a rabies doctor. and hows that been going
pam:  not well. a doctor wont come out to collect a check for $700.00, or $500.00 if we go with the giant check
jim:  which we are
pam:  and also there is no such thing as a rabies doctor
michael:  what about a rabies nurse
pam:  i dont think so
jim:  you know what though, ive actually seen ads for nurses that you can hire by the hour, for parties and bachelor events
michael:  thats possible. look into that
jim:  great, its gonna cost a couple a hundred buck and ah… oh actually more with tips
dwight:  maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for merediths son
michael:  have you met that kid? hes not going to college
pam:  michael, 5k means 5 kilometers, not 5 thousand miles.
michael:  come in
pam:  hey
michael:  hey, hey, he
pam:  oh my god
michael:  what are you doing
pam:  you said come in
michael:  no i didnt, just please dont
pam:  oh my god
pam:  so i closed the door but the image of his
jim:  baquette
pam:  … dangling participle
jim:  eww
pam:  … still burned in my eyes
jim:  i can imagine
pam:   come in
michael:  may i enter the room
pam:  yes. or come in
michael:  see how i did that. thats the way you should enter a room. you knock and then you wait for the all clear
jim:  you couldnt have taken off all your clothes in the mens room
michael:  yes, but i have an office, so why would i do that
pam:  on average, how many hours a day do you spend naked in your office? just ballpark
michael:  european offices are naked all the time
pam:  theyre so not
michael:  besides my shirt tail covered most of it so
pam:  i didnt see where it started but i saw where it ended
jim:   gross
michael:  thats not gross, it is the human body. what is your problem? pam youre an artist, right? think of me as one of your models. ok, you know what, i dont want this to detract from what we really need to be thinking about today, its not fair to people with rabies. and thats the point, right? ok, lets go have some fun
jim:  alright
pam:  they say if youre nervous around someone you should picture them naked. i do not recommend this strategy. try picturing them with more clothes on… or a funny coat
jim:   oh, im sorry, is this a working office, and not a french beach
jan:  ok, name please
creed:  creed bratton, 75 plus division
jan:  youre over 75 years old
creed:  82 november first. how much is the prize money
jan:  theres no prize money
creed:  what, is any of this real
michael:  check that out.  look at me, im toby, im stretching, i know what im doing. why is he even here
jan:  so i heard that you were peeping on michael
pam:  what? look, no it was not
jan:  i dont know what your deal is, but hes mine, ok? so hands off
michael:  ok everybody, listen up. thank you for coming. before we get started i wanted to say a few words about this deadly disease called rabies. and id like you to take a look into the face of rabies.  that should scare you. it scares me. you people need to educate yourselves. myth: 3 americans every year die from rabies. fact: 4 americans every year die from rabies. how many of you know someone who has been afflicted or affected by rabies? show of hands. one, two, three… too many to count. it is truly the silent killer. no, it is the foaming barking killer. and it is something… darryl what are you doing
darryl:   im giving him a peanut
michael:  no, dont give him… just, did you hear anything i said
darryl:  look how happy he is
michael:  hes happy because hes insane. you know what, thats the perfect example of the kind of awareness we need to generate. wheres the nurse?  this is the reason were here
elizabeth:  hello michael
michael:  oh hey, i know you… elizabeth
elizabeth:  yeah
michael:  right? wow, very cool you went back and got your degree. i would like you to accept this check, for $340.00 made out to science. make sure that, that gets into the right hands
elizabeth:  great.
michael:  you got it
dwight:  mm-hmm
michael:  ok, fettuccine alfredo, time to carbo-load
michael:  just remember folks, its not about winning, it is about finishing
dwight:  on your marks, get set
michael:   beow
toby:  hey!
michael:  on your left
oscar:  youre doing great michael, look at you go
creed:  thats my boss! yeah-ha baby
michael:  i am fast! im very fast! im like forrest gump, except i am not an idiot.
stanley:  oh yes i will work out today. i will work out a way to avoid running for a stupid cause
andy:  ive walked 2 marathons. pretty sure i can handle a 5k. key is drafting, eliminate wind resistance.
pam:  yeah.  oh were in last place
jim:  oh, would you look at that
pam:  darn it
jan:  water? water?  water babe
michael:  no, no water for me. not while rabies causes fear of water… solidarity
jan:  michael thats irrational
michael:  rabies victims… have to live with an irrational hatred of water their entire lives. so… least i could do
andy:  oh god! my nipples, its starting
creed:   can we get another round
waitress:  ok
creed:  thanks
stanley:  so weve got what, another 20 minutes
oscar:  more or less
stanley:  hmmm
michael:  that fettuccine is sitting in my stomach like a rock
dwight:  youve got nothing to worry about, i put imodium in tobys coffee before the race
michael:   excellent! …simpsons. wait, imodium or ex-lax
toby:  im makin great time. usually i have to take a bathroom break half way through a race like this, but not today
jim:  ooo! an estate sale. wanna go in
pam:  i dont know im really committed to winning
jim:  ok, but what if i told you all the money you spend here, goes to preventing a disease thats already been cured
pam:  mmm… yes
jim:  thats what i thought
pam:  yeah
jim:  right. lets do some good
ryan:    for the cure…  leave a message” ryan hangs up
michael:   oh god, oh, alfredo sauce. im getting a stitch.
andy:   ah, god watch the nipples, kevin
kevin:  back off me
dwight:  how ya feeling, better
angela:  no
dwight:  well you look cute as a button. youve worked up quite a sweat
angela:  the vet is removing all of sprinkles organs right now and sending them to the lab
dwight:  i am a farmer angela
angela:  what does that mean
dwight:  ok, when a farmer sees an animal that is in pain, that has no quality of life, that has no utility, a farmer does what city folk dont have the stomach to do
angela:  you did kill her!
dwight:  i… i sang her, her favorite songs
angela:  you put her in my freezer
dwight:  it was beautiful and gentle and respectful. i fed her antihistamines and she gradually fell asleep
angela:  well then she barfed them up in the freezer and tried to get out
dwight:  well im not responsible for that
angela:  you!
dwight:  hey, oww!  its ok
angela:  its ok
dwight:  its nothing, im robbing her
angela:  its nothing
dwight:  its fine. what
angela:  how could you do that without telling me
dwight:  i thought i was helping you. i expected a hug. i took care of that cat, the best way i knew how
angela:  cat heaven is a beautiful place, but you dont get there if youre euthanized
dwight:  i know a great taxidermist. ill pay to have her stuffed. well hes not great, but hes pretty good
angela:  you dont understand
michael:   take bat bites seriously. dont get bit
dwight:  or we can have her buried out at the east field, by mother. huh, angela
angela:  dont touch me dwight!
pam:   you like it? its kinda designy and cool, it was $8.00
jim:  oh, and i get to carry it
toby:   and the winner is toby flenderson
kelly:  have a seat, ill write it down
toby:  where are we
kelly:  i dunno, like 5 kilometers from the office
toby:  he couldnt have made it a circle
michael:   i am not going to finish. i cant beat rabies. nobody can beat rabies, rabies has been around for a thousand years. i was a fool to think that i could beat it.
jim:  …talk about it
pam:  yeah probably. hey, michael
jim:  what are you doing here? did you come back for us, or
michael:  i cant finish. i feel so weak, i just
jim:  well, youre probably dehydrated
michael:  what do you want me to do jim
jim:  glass of water would be a start
michael:  no, there are people all over the world, who have all sorts of problems and afflictions, and diseases. theyre deformed, and theyre abnormal, and… theyre illiterate and ugly. symphonies dont have any money. public tv is bust. i cant do anything about it, i cant… you know. theres just one of me, and theres a thousand of them. and rabies wins
jim:  wow! you are a downer. we were having a pretty nice day
pam:  im still having a nice day
jim:  you are
pam:  yeah. hey michael, look at this lamp. $8.00
michael:  thats a good deal
pam:  and michael, you dont have rabies. and chances are youre not going to get it anytime soon. so… you dont really have to think about it too much
michael:  pam, if everybody felt that way, nothing would get done
pam:  yeah, but theres other, better people out there who are helping
michael:  you just dont think i am capable, of making a difference
pam:  i know you michael, i saw you naked
michael:  you dont, you dont know me. youve just seen my penis. i can make a difference, remember, im the one who started this whole thing off by hitting meredith with my car. and i owe it to her to finish this… gd 5k  no, no
michael:  finishing that 5k, was the hardest thing i have ever had to do. i ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water, than i have in my entire life. people always talk about triumphs of the human spirit, well today i had a triumph of the human body. thats why everybody was applauding for me at the end. my guts and my heart, and while i eventually puked my guts out, i never puked my heart out. and im very, very proud of that
meredith:  hey michael
michael:  hey mer. how ya doing
meredith:  better
michael:  its ironic isnt it? i mean im in the hospital for not getting enough water, and youre in it for a disease that causes the fear of water
meredith:  im in because you hit me with your car. but i wanted to say, i heard you were trying really hard, so im not mad at you anymore
michael:  thanks, im not mad at you anymore.  wanna share
meredith:  sure
michael:  im not really sick.  nah, im good
michael: did you ever think of this?would a sober person walk in front of a car
andy:  ay-o
jim: im sorry, are you saying that meredith was drunk at 9 am
michael: well
phyllis:  thats despicable
pam:  michael
someone:  thats not cool
oscar:  theres no proof of that
michael:  thats not
kevin:  that seems early, even for her
michael:  thats not what…no, no, im not saying that, thats disgusting.
meredith:  drunk?no!you cant get drunk off kahlua.its just a kind of coffee.
andy: then… what are you saying
michael: i am saying… that… maybe i was drunk.did you ever think of that
jim: definitely not
kevin: thatd be dui
phyllis: thats
michael: okay.
michael: maybe she hit me.you ever think of that?she hit me?i dont know whose fault it was.i wasnt exactly looking at the road.
pam: hey, toby.
toby: hey
pam: kelly, were going to visit meredith at lunch.kelly?
toby: well, kellys been so upset about ryan dumping her, that she cant even talk.
kelly:  i dont want to talk to anybody about ryan!please, go away
angela: they dont have this kind of technology at the vets.its not far
oscar: its fair
michael: you know what, why dont go around the room and say one memory of meredith.ill start.i liked her jumpers.they reminded me of kindergarten.jim
kevin: ill always remember merediths back.thats all i can see from my desk.all that red hair, over a nice strong back.sometimes i pretend its carrot top, and hes going to turn around and tell a joke
andy: so, hows the view old girl?oh!theres a cemetery.you think thats affiliated with the hospital, or is it a like a separate feature…
michael: hey! okay, okay, okay,you can just close that
angela: bye, meredith.here you go.we got you some balloons
meredith: see you guys.
michael: lets just… why cant you just forgive… why, why are you having such a hard time laughing this off?how do you know that you werent born with some sort of abnormal pelvis that it was just bound to crack at some point
meredith: oh please, michael
michael: im not going to leave until you forgive me
meredith: youre gonna be here a 
michael:   oh, okay
meredith: nurse!i just need some water.and my pills.thank you
nurse: there you go
meredith: theres nothing in here
michael: this office is cursed.and we need to do something about it
jim: conference room
michael: maybe the conference room, maybe the annex.im just saying, at least right here  is cursed.conference room, 10 minutes.
michael: on the one hand, its a relief to know that its not just me, the whole office is cursed.on the other hand, i may have to deal with the dark unknown.
dwight: question: has anyone recently offended a gypsy
michael: we have to have done something wrong
stanley: you ran over an employee
michael: that was the curse, stanley, and we are trying to find the cause of the curse
dwight: mmm
michael: oscar, are you santaria
oscar: i was raised catholic, but im agnostic now, so i guess im a secular humanist
michael: oh.great.we have a secular humanist here, that is disgusting
oscar: michael, do you know what secular humanism is
michael: yes.it is a philosophy which says people can improve their lives by using reason instead of religion or superstition
oscar:  oh
michael: stupid
dwight: my cousin moses best friend was a dog.one day, he was foaming at the mouth, so i had to shoot him dead.turns out, he had only eaten one of moses cream pies.did i feel bad for killing him?no.thats how you deal with a thief.
michael: yeah, the, uh, the charitys having some financial problems.what do i look like to you, paul newman?thats actually not a good example, because i have been compared to a young paul newman, my eyes and my face.and i make my own salad dressing.i mix newmans ranch with newmans italian.sell it at flea markets for a slight loss.i could make… i could make a profit if i changed one of the ingredients to wishbone  but i wont do it.
michael: whoa, ‘scuse me!oh
bob vance: let… lets pick it up, phyllis!
michael: oh, slow!oh, ho, ho, ho. you guys are going so slow
phyllis: go get him bobby
michael: come on, im going backwards
phyllis: sic him
michael: oh, all right!all right!all right!all right
phyllis: sic him
michael: okay!
pediatrician:  youre gonna be just fine, michael!youre gonna have a good life
michael: thanks
pediatrician: lots of people suffer dehydration; they all recover just fine.
pediatrician: im michaels pediatrician.dehydrations pretty simple.he could also have been treated by a boy scout leader, a coach, or a, a… a water bottle.
michael: well, apparently, my insurance will not be covering this hospital stay.i will be paying out-of-pocket.um… i kinda wish id been hit by a car.
michael: hey, doc?you forgetting something? thank you
