michael:  hey. ready? come on, show me excited
oscar:  yes. 
michael:  yeah, im pretty excited too.
michael:  today im heading over to the job fair at valley view high school, to find some new interns. want to get some fresh blood. um, euthanize this place.
darryl:  hey, are we doing this thing
michael:  yup
kelly:  oh my god, darryl, you look like barack obama. everybody im dating barack obama
michael:  why are you dressed like that
darryl:   like what
michael:  like youre applying for a loan
dwight:  maybe hes going to church. or court
darryl:  figured i look presentable.  you?  went a different way
pam:   i think you look nice
michael:  okay, heres what were going to do: im going to instruct the kids about management and sales. oscar will be in charge of accounting. pam will be eye candy. no… uh, also, because that is your alma mater. darryl will hire some kids for the warehouse. we dont have to worry about internships with them, because they definitely aint going to college
darryl:  what college did you go to mike
michael:  lets go!
jim:  today, i am meeting a potential client on the golf course, because ryan put me on probation. you remember ryan, he was the temp here. yeah. and uh, it is not a good time for me to lose my job. since i have some pretty big long term plans in my personal life with pam, that id like her parents to be psyched about. so i am about to do something very bold at this job that ive never done before. try.
phil maguire:   whoa
jim:  mr. maguire, its been a couple of years
phil maguire:  hey jim, how are you, nice to see you man
andy:  oh no!no, no-no-no-no! my grandfather would be spinning in his urn, if he knew that i was out here with a dartmouth boy. you take that shirt off right now or i will take it off for you, sir.i am… totally and completely kidding!  andrew bernard, cornell 95
phil maguire:  phil maguire, dartmouth, 74
andy:  oop, got some blisties
phil maguire:  yeah, you do.
andy:  hit about 1200 balls last night, in preparation for today, so hands are a little tender.  its actually not funny at all. its incredibly painful.
phil:  lets make it interesting, say, uh, ten bucks a hole
jim:  great
kevin:  what are we talking? skins? acey duecy? bingo bango bongo? sandies, barkies? arnies, wolf? what?
kevin:  im gonna take this petty cash i got from oscar, and turn it into next months rent.
pam:  so many memories in this old gym. pretending i have pms so i didnt have to play volleyball, pretending i have pms so i didnt have to play basketball. those were the days!
michael:   a little over the top, dont you think
darryl:  show them what you brought, mike
pam:   um, thats all we brought
michael:  this is all we need
oscar:  well see
michael:  yes we will see oscar, we will see, because a blank sheet of paper equals endless possibilities! conceptual! all right! we. are. open for business! hello!
kevin:  andy, youre up, lets go!
andy:   giddy up, lets do this.
andy:  people assume im great at golf. but like everybody, i hated golf lessons when i was a kid. so, i used to hang out at the sailing club instead. got my “knot” on.
andy:   dammit!
meredith:  guys, do we have to stay all day
phyllis:  i mean, michaels gone, cant we just go
creed:  yeah, and i finished my work months ago
dwight:  excuse me, people. it has come to my attention, some of you have forgotten, who is in charge here. when michael is gone… jim is in charge. when jim is gone, andy and i are in charge. when andy is gone you answer to me. okay?  excuse me where do you think youre going? oh no, no, no. youre not leaving. no! stanley, do not walk out that door! if you walk out that door, so help me, i will –  he left. last time i checked, the american workday ends at five pm. you will all stay at your desks until that time. or, you will suffer the consequences
phyllis:  what consequences
dwight:  i will tell on you.
pam:  theres some filing, restocking the supply shelves. replacing the water jug, which nobody likes to do. um, we… uh, eat a lot of cake
justin:  cool
pam:   yeah, and uh, you basically learn how an office runs.
michael:  hello. hi.  can i talk to you for a sec? excuse me
pam:  this is michael, my boss.  justin
michael:  hey, uh, remember what we talked about, in the car on the way up, “only the best and the brightest.”
pam:  hes nice and he seems interested
michael:  hes totally wrong, pam.  hey
justin:  hi
michael:  how you doing? listen, i dont think that a handsome, funny, smart, funny-looking kid like you, should limit himself. you could do whatever you want to do. you could be a classy janitor, or a cashier with dignity, or a… migraine worker.  maybe for you, paper should be more of a hobby.
justin:  sorry for wasting your time
michael:  oh, no problem.  and he signed!he put his name on the piece of – okay, that was supposed to be a blank canvas on which to put their hopes and dreams. and he just, made it into a stupid piece of paper. we need another one, immediately
darryl:  yeah, the booth is lame without it
pam:  i only brought the one.
michael:  are you mental
pam:  michael, do you remember, you specifically told me to only bring one sheet of paper? you said it only takes one sheet to make a difference. and i said, “are you sure michael?” and you said “pam! pam! pam!” and then you sneezed in my tea, and then you said, “dont worry, its just allergies.” do you remember that
michael:  i… dont
pam:  okay. ill go look for another one.
michael:  and that. is why. i need a smart intern.
jim:  hey, so hows the direct mail business going?
phil:  i cant complain, people love their junk mail
jim:  now are you getting all your paper from ppc? or
phil:  you know what jim? im not really looking to change things up right now, i just came out here to get out of the office for a little bit, so why dont we just play, okay
jim:  absolutely, will do.
jim:  so i guess ill just… work on my short game.
michael:   hello there
kid:  what is this company
michael:  well its funny that you should ask, because its really more than a company…
oscar:  dunder mifflin paper
kid:  thanks.
michael:  dammit, oscar!
michael:  yeah, im trying to lure these kids into my booth, but uh, kids are very wary about being “lured” these days. thank you dateline!
dwight:  thank you.
angela:  extension 128.
creed:   hiya pumpkin, its creed
creed:  say, were gonna ditch this bitch. you in?
angela:  no
creed:  are you out?  pumpkins out, lets go gang! 
pam:  my old art room.  oh, maybe its still here!  no. no they must have taken it down. never mind.
michael:   what do you want
dwight:  michael, i know youre swamped. i just thought you should know that everyone in the office has left, except for angela and i. do not worry though, i have taken down their names, and i have docked them a personal day
michael:  who cares? im not there, jims not there, why should they have to be there
dwight:  so… what else is up?  mich-
michael:  thank you!  what, what is this
pam:  a piece of paper
michael:  this isnt dunder mifflin paper. some sort of pendleton crap
pam:  well i think theyll get the spirit of it
michael:  pam-pam-pam-pam-pampampampam! were dying here. i want you to go back to the office and i want you to get the real stuff. i want you to get ultra white card stock
pam:  are you serious
michael:  yes. and dont call me shirley
pam:  okay.
phil:  oh!  ah, dammit
jim:  you know, you can just pick it up, take the triple bogey
phil:  yeah ill- ill get it out. thank you
jim:  yep.
andy:  ah! come on, tuna!
jim:  hey, cant really talk now, whats up
pam:  just checking in, hows it going
jim:  uh, you know, well see, well see
pam:  i just drove twenty miles round-trip back to the office to get michael a single sheet of white paper. so, i could have just had them fax it to me, i guess
jim:  oh, i like you
pam:  talk to you later
jim:  yeah. all right. bye.  all right. sorry, i got to annoy you one more time. what if i bring down shipping costs
phil:  you can try. but ive looked at your prices. even with free shipping? doesnt work. its just- its not in the stars, jim.  six.
kevin:  yeah
andy:  all right, race to the next hole!
kevin:  ooh! winner gets ten bucks! wait -wait for me! andy
andy:  shortcut! shortcut! woah! i fell in the sandtrap!
dwight:  
michael:  all of these jobs? suck. i would rather live jobless, on a beach somewhere, off the money from a large inheritance, than to have to work in any one of these crap-holes. they suck.
michael:  hey!  game over. 
michael:   just-in time
justin:  hi
michael:  just-in case. whats your last name
justin:  polznik
michael:  this… just in. justin polznik! huh?
michael:  justin is the ugly girl in the movie, who takes off her glasses and shes hot!and you realize she was always hot, she was just wearing glasses. and that you were the blind one. hes the most… important thing in my life right now.
michael:  i want you to meet my family. come on. oscar martinez. accountant extraordinaire. this is justin
oscar:  hey
justin:  hi
michael:  this is darryl philbin. isnt he big? and you already met her, pam beesly, office hottie. she will “do” you.  no, no. but she has already dated two guys in the office, that we know of, so, this could be number three, you never know
pam:  excuse me
michael:  come here. i would never say this to her face, but she is a wonderful person and a gifted artist
oscar:  why, why wouldnt you say that to her face
michael:  so, what do you think? think these guys are nice? the guys i didnt bring are even better. justin, im willing to commit right now. would you do me the honor, of spending the summer with us, at dunder mifflin? i think, i think you are very special
justin:  you didnt want me before. thats what you said
michael:  no, i didnt. you misconstrued me
justin:  you were kind of a jerk to me
michael:  i, uh, hmm
justin:  and im, im gonna go now
michael:  why dont… hey.
andy:  
dwight:   ah-choo
angela:  bless you
dwight:  thank you. 
kevin:  okay, jim, you owe me one-twenty, and phil, you owe me two-thirty
phil:  lets open a tab, because you and me are gonna be playing more often
andy:  count me in
phil:  no
andy:  all right
jim:  okay. you had some fun, and uh, i think i paid for it. so let me get my last shot in there. is there anything you can do for me
phil:  ill tell you what. my fiscal year ends in two months, lets talk then. sound good
jim:  absolutely
maguire:  good playing with you guys
andy:  right on.
jim:  you know its a tough thing, seeing a grown man take six shots to get out of a sand trap but, i had to give phil credit for not quitting. which is what i told him. i also told him i dont quit either, and id call him every single day until he gave me his business. which he then did, after …fifteen minutes of me blocking his car. so i am now his paper supplier! and i shot a 102 today, so im feeling pretty good.
woman on mic:  the job fair will be closing in five minutes. eighth period will commence as scheduled
michael:  hold down the fort, i have to do something.  excuse me. if you can hear me, id like you to look around at all these companies and know that none of them are good enough for you. h&amp;r block? come on, i mean i dont even know what they do. frank regan funeral home? too much formaldehyde! the air force?  air force is cool. the refreshments? bush league! you know, thats not what you want. dunder- they,well, okay i see security is coming so i just want to say, come to dunder mifflin. dunder mifflin, a great place to work! anybody? show of hands, anybody want to intern at dunder mifflin?we do not offer college credit, we cannot give you any sort of pay, but it is a really fun work environment. anybody? show of hands? damn… it. okay, im gonna wrap it up here. thank you for your time, and drive safe.
angela:   thank you
dwight:  youre welcome.
pam:   beers? you closed it
jim:  i closed it
pam:  yes! oh!  um, congratulations to you, sir.
jim:  thank you. oh, thank you very much. appreciate it
pam:  well done
jim:  thank you. you know what, screw this! 
kevin:  oooh!
michael:  today i did something stupid. i questioned myself. and i will never do that again. because i look at somebody like jim halpert and i think, that guy can do anything he wants to do. he could do anything, and he chooses to work here, selling paper. just like me.
michael:   yeah, kiss her. kiss her good. 
pam:  hi
graphics guy:  hello
pam:  i was just wondering, what kind of jobs do you guys have
graphics guy:  are you interested in graphic design
pam:  yeah. can i fill out an application
graphics guy:  oh absolutely, here, take a seat. i should let you know right away, this is just an entry-level job. its really basic. were looking for like, a self starter, someone who can meet deadlines, who just pretty much just go the extra mile, i guess
pam:  i can do that
graphics guy:  great. and uh, obviously looking for someone who knows photoshop, and dreamweaver. uh, corel painter, illustrator, aftereffects, all the basics
pam:  i dont know any of those
graphics guy:   its actually not super-complicated. i mean im sure theres some sort of like, adult education classes in the area. but if youre really serious about graphic design, one thing about new york or philadelphia, theyve got amazing programs out there for design
pam:  new york or philadelphia
graphics guy:  yeah
pam:  all right. cool, well… thanks
graphics guy:  sure.
pam:  and uh, ill look into those
graphics guy:  you should
pam:  new york or philadelphia
graphics guy:  absolutely
pam:  okay.
graphics guy:  its where the action is
pam:  thanks.
michael:  well, kids today have a very short attention span.they are into texting and video games and sex, and they just, they get distracted easily.and today theyre being distracted by the other booths.
michael:   hey, there!michael scott, regional manager, dunder mifflin
brad:  brad bailey, nice to meet you
michael:  that is a very firm handshake.ow, ow, aahch!killing my hand, there
brad:  yeah
michael:  so, what is your poison?you like uh, sales, accounting, customer service, what do you like
brad:  sales, uh, sales would be cool
michael:  sales is and could be very, very cool.if you like paper, and you love to laugh, this is the place for you
brad:  well, thats great
michael:  right here.we have a lot of fun
brad:  mmhmm
michael:   this is one of our staff.this is pam beesly,  receptionist extraordinaire.
brad:  hey, pam, whats up
michael:  check that out, huh
pam:  hi, nice to meet you
michael:  pretty nice
brad:  yeah
michael:  she sits there all day
brad:  nice
michael:  you get to look at her.why dont you hold out your hand.  tell me what you feel
brad:  paper
michael:  thats called card stock.thats what youre feeling.now what youre feeling inside is confusion, butterflies, exhilaration… youre thinking, “am i good enough for this job?do i have what it takes?”and i think we both know the answer.well find that out together.you can keep that
brad:  are you sure
michael:  mmm, yeah
brad:  sweet.
michael:  dont fold it, though
michael:  we have the dundies, my birthday, those blow out, and its sexy, its sort of a sexy atmosphere, you know?the other day, in the parking lot, i actually found a condom.so.ive been meaning to ask you, do you know whose that was?so, sexy is fun…
brad:  well, it was nice meeting you, im, im gonna take off
michael:  hey, you know what?coincidence – i am going to go for a little stroll myself.are you psyched about the summer
brad:  oh, yeah
michael:  yeah, me, too
brad:  okay, well, im gonna go to the bathroom
michael:  okay, be my guest.
brad:  thanks
michael:  and do your worst.
michael:   hey
brad:  whoa, come on
michael:  so, i forgot to mention that my old temp is now my boss, so, gives you an idea of how quickly you can move up in this
brad:  yeah, i get it, okay, im not interested.stop following me around; youre really starting to creep me out
michael:  one other thing i wanted to
brad:  nnn, look.i was just being polite.i dont want to waste my life selling paper for your stupid company, okay?
michael:  ohh…nah
kevin:  im gonna take so much money off that guy.that guy is a whale.im gonna clean him out.this is really gonna get me out of a hole.
kevin:  hes not my client.
jim:  if your client likes italian food, you bring him to cuginos.and if your client likes a little action, you bring him a gambler.and if your client hates cornell, you bring him andy.
andy:   ow! ow!  owooh
phil maguire:  guys kind of a douche
jim:  yeah, well, you know…cornell
phil:   i guess
michael:  hey, justin
justin:  im sorry, im sort of in the middle of this
michael:  wait, you want this kid to be in the air force
michael:  time out.you think this kid could be a fighter pilot
justin:   okay
michael:  okay.
michael:  have you given any more thought to dunder mifflin
justin:  well, you took away the brochure, so i sort of
michael:  well, yeah, but you dont need the brochure.the brochure is up here  and its in here. 
justin:  oh
michael:  i think you are smart, and capable, and you aim high
justin:  thats what the recruiter just said
michael:  im right
