pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  i gotcha one.
jim:  oh wow, thank you
pam:  yeah
jim:  im just gonna grab some chips, you want some
pam:  no. thanks… uh were still having lunch today, right
jim:  i guess.  how dare you
michael:  hey toby. whats this?
toby:  ohh
michael:   i just want to remind everyone about the company rules involving pda or public displays of affection
toby:  yes, uh some people in the office have complained
michael:  oh really
toby:  …about some other people engaging in pda and, you know  i just wanted to remind its not appropriate to, to do that
michael:  is this about me and jan? in my office? because i will have you know that that was consensual. what we did has nothing to do with you or anyone here. i dont think. i dont think anyone heard anything. we were very discreet and, and most people had left by that point. so i dont think its any of your business. what i think you should do is roll up the memo, real tight
toby:  ok, look the memo is not about you
angela:   for the record, i have never been involved with anyone at work, in any capacity
toby:  alright everyone, look, it, alright my complaint was about jim and pam. so
michael:   no way
dwight:  what
phyllis:  you guys are together
jim:  ummm… yup. yes, we are
michael:  woooah! wow
andy:  tuna
michael:  awesome
kevin:  i knew it
michael:  you guys! yes! yes
pam:  toby, was this your fun little way of congratulating us
toby:  yes
michael:  oh kay, mind is exploding. get over here.  come on. come here. okay, okay,  stand up.  ok, here we go.  everyone, this is a day that will live in infamy. because today, is the day that jim and pam become one
jim:  actually, weve been dating for a couple months
michael:  i love you guys, so much.
jim:  ohh..
pam:  phones ringing.
michael:  no, no, no pam let em ring. let the bells of dunder mifflin chime out your love. because this is  really good, this is really good. my heart soars with the eagles nest
dwight:  i dont see it. i think they both could do better
angela:  its not a surprise to me. pam is the office mattress
andy:  jim halperts off the market. guess who just became the best looking single guy in the office
michael:  hey. can you make that straighter? thats what she said
phyllis:  did you plan it
michael:  no.
pam:   can you make that straighter? that job looks hard. you should put your mouth on that. how can you even use that one naturally
michael:  blowing up balloons i thought
pam:  you might want to trim it a little
phyllis:  michael…
kelly:   oh, is… ryan coming back today
pam:  yeah, he is
kelly:  oh
michael:  pam and jim are together. ryan is visiting. only thing that could make this day better is ice cream
angela:  what do you want
dwight:  to give you this 
angela:  oh, what is that
dwight:  its a feral barn cat. i trapped him last night and im giving him to you as a replacement cat for the one i destroyed
angela:  her name was sprinkles
dwight:  and his name is… garbage. mose calls him garbage because he likes to eat garbage.  dont you garbage?
angela:  i cant believe you just thought you could replace sprinkles. before shes even in the ground
dwight:  you havent buried her yet
angela:  dont rush me. im grieving
dwight:  garbage can be very helpful. ok, hes a youthful cat. he killed an entire family of raccoons.  look at him
angela:  i dont want garbage! i want sprinkles!
pam:  hey toby
toby:  hey…  you two
jim:  hey. so now that we are dating, uh, we just wanted to know if we had to sign one of those ‘were dating things for the company
toby:  oh well, you know, those were only for, you know  relationships, so… if, if this is just a casual thing, theres no need, really
jim:  oh
pam:  well, i dont wanna speak for jim, but, its like pretty official.
toby:  uh huh
jim:  sorry, uh do we need to sign one, or…
toby:  lets just wait and see what happens.  you know
jim:  what
toby:  lets just wait
jim:  oh, ok
pam:  ok
jim:  great.
pam:   hey ryan. welcome back 
ryan:  hold on one second.  hey pam! its great to see you. is michael in
michael:  hey
pam:  yeah
michael:  there he is! there he is! hes back! and hes with a beard.  he… he has facial hair. look at him! all grown up and no place to go. hello, mr. sunny crockett. im tubs
ryan:  ok. should we get started
michael:  ohh, yeah, lets get started because uh, yes, cause uh this is very serious business and umm.
ryan:  yep, exactly. this is a business meeting
michael:  …business meeting 
kevin:   fire
ryan:  stop that! stop that
michael:  thats right! thats right
ryan:   you scared me
michael:  fire guy. dont start any fires, ryan
andy:  fire guy
kevin:  you werent here for that
andy:  here for what
kevin:  when he started the fire.
michael:  look how big he is. look at you, you are so mature and old and little man now. youre like our little man
kevin:  little old man boy
ryan:  michael and everybody, umm
michael:  beard
kevin:  bearded man boy
ryan:  …let me just say something. i know i used to be a temp here, but now everything is different. id like your respect. i am your boss now. youre gonna have to treat me that same way you treated jan
michael:  oh, wow
ryan:  so
michael:  thats a little kinky. i dont swing that way
ryan:  ok
michael:  woooo! i think ryan has a gay crush on me
ryan:  enough! ok? this is inappropriateand it stops right now. do you understand
michael:  yes, everybody, come on. settle town. lets get serious here. um ryan, has a very special, important presentation to do, which we will be doing in the conference room in  10 minutes
ryan:  perfect
michael:  sounds good. ok, alright
michael:  yeah, ryan snapped at me, but there was this twinkle in his eye that i picked up on, which said, “dude, were friends. im doing this for appearances. i am the big boss now. and i have to seem like an ogre. but you know me and you trust me. and we like each other. and well always be friends. and i would never take you for granted in a million years. and i miss you, man. and i love you.” his words
ryan:  dunder mifflin infinity represents a floor to ceiling streamlining of our business model. the center piece of the campaign is a new business-to-business website interface that will allow us to compete directly with big box chains
jim:  wait a second. last time i checked, dunder mifflin already has a website. and quite frankly, im not really sure whats wrong with it.
ryan:  this is a massive overhaul. were getting younger. sleeker. and more agile so that we adapt to the market place. all essential personnel will be issued blackberries for company use
michael:  oohh. gimmme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme
ryan:  ill stick around to help you set them up afterwards. any questions? dwight
dwight:  what if we dont want to use a blackberry because they are stupid and pointless
ryan:  this is company-wide, dwight
dwight:  got it.
ryan:  andy
andy:  we should call it dunder mifflinfinity. you know, push the words together
ryan:  any other questions?  kelly kapoor
kelly:  can we speak privately about our relationship
ryan:  thank you everybody
michael:  ryan howard everybody.  good job.
creed:  thats some fun stuff. when does the website go up
ryan:  as fast as possible. we want to start retraining people a.s.a.p., so we can hit the ground running with a new system
creed:  cool beans
creed:  were screwed
michael:  who is
creed:  us? you and me. the old timers
michael:  i am not old. you are old. you are like a hundred
creed:  youre over 40, thats the cut off. are you listening to what hes saying? re-training. new system. youth. im telling you this kid is the grim reaper. you deal with this or you, me, sammy, phyllis, the chick you hit with the car, were goners
jim:  swore i wouldnt tell anyone this, but in the interest of revealing secrets. oh my god, this will make your brain explode. umm, dwight and angela dating. have been for six months
pam:  no..
jim:  swear to god. . aww this is great. i was actually gonna wait and tell you on your birthday, but this is much more fun
pam:  no, they have been dating for like two years.  since before your barbeque
jim:  wait. what?  you knew? and you didnt say anything
pam:  you didnt say anything to me
jim:  fair enough. wow! we should have started dating like a long time ago
pam:  can you believe that
phyllis:  sorry, i didnt know you guys were in here
jim:  oh no, were just sitting here
phyllis:  i couldnt see your hands.  hey pam, by the way, its great that youre dating. but when a new client calls, you just have to randomly assign them to a sales person. you cant base who gets new clients on who youre sleeping with that week, ok
pam:  ok
phyllis:  ok
jim:  ok
jim:  and… that is why we waited so long to tell people
ryan:  ok, whats up
michael:  yeah, kay. i was just… after the presentation, just wanted to make sure, that vis-a-vie, that everything in the office is business as usual
ryan:  well it is business, but not as usual
michael:  yeah, i know i understand… were making great strides and were updating, but business as usual, no
ryan:  no.  were throwing out the entire playbook, were starting from scratch, were implementing a brand new system
michael:  good, so, were on the same page
ryan:  no. were not. michael, i know exactly how much time and man power are wasted in this branch. this company is getting younger, faster, more efficient. you need to prepare yourself
michael:  we had a foreign exchange student live with us when i was young. and we called him my brother. and thats who i thought he was. um, then he went home to what is now formerly yugoslavia, taking all of my blue jeans with him. and i had to spend the entire winter in shorts. that is what ryan is like. a fake brother who steals your jeans
ryan:  so, how are you
kelly:  awesome. i am dating a lot of guys
ryan:  good
kelly:  a lot. black guys mostly
ryan:  kelly
kelly:  what?
phyllis:  wait, uh, how do you touch just one of these buttons at a time
stanley:  i dont know
phyllis:  did you even try
stanley:  if the kid wants to set mine up, ill let him
phyllis:  i cant see half of the things.
stanley:  its too little. use the phone
kelly:  i want you to tell me that you care about me. that is what i want
ryan:  kelly, im your boss now, ok? you cant keep talking to me like im your boyfriend
kelly:  oh big strong man, fancy new whatever. i dont think you ever cared about me
ryan:  i never cared about you? six months ago karen filipelli sent me an email. asked me out. i said no, because i was committed to our relationship
kelly:  well, i hope youre still committed because im pregnant
kelly: 
kelly:  and guess what buddy,  i am keeping it
ryan:  ok. ok
kelly:  do you feel prepared to help me raise a baby
ryan:  i can… i cant talk about this right now, ok? after work, well go out to dinner, well talk about it then, ok
kelly:  we have a date
dwight:  hello
angela:  hello, dwight. ive been thinking about things and i wanted to know if you would have dinner with me tonight
dwight:  really
angela:  yes
dwight:  ill make a reservation. no, no. let me cook for you. cauliflower and noodles. baked potato on the side
angela:  i would prefer a public place. see you after work
jan:  hi, pam
pam:  hi
jan:  is michael in
pam:  in his office. you can go right in
jan:   hey
ryan:  jan
jan:  ryan. ryan. ryan, ryan
ryan:  so elephant in the room, i have your old job
jan:  well, not exactly my job… i had a different title
ryan:  oh well, excuse me, same office, same responsibilities
jan:  different salary.  youll get there, dont worry
ryan:  well… you look great
jan:  thank you, thank you
ryan:  scranton suits you
jan:  best decision i ever made
ryan:  you were let go
jan:  you know what? i love the beard. keep it forever.
michael:  hey
jan:  hey
michael:   hey, what is the actual deal with these things in terms of testicles
jan:  what
michael:  i dont want to grow weird sperm in case we ever want to have kids
jan:  so, whats ryan doing here
michael:  oh, i dunno, theyre launching a big new business plan. new website, blah blah blah. hes being a real twerp about it, so, its all about youth, and agility and streamlining and trying to squeeze out the older people
jan:  hes such a snake
michael:  well
jan:  i hope hes gets hit with an ageism suit
michael:  what is that… word
jan:  ageism? companies they cant discriminate against people due to old age. like a couple years ago we tried to force out some of the older branch managers with a mandatory retirement age and then ed truck, your old boss, threatened us with a lawsuit, so we had to back off
michael:  so older people have just as many rights as younger people
jan:  yes, michael, they do
oscar:  creed
creed:  yes, sir
oscar:  everything ok?
creed:  everythings cool, dude
creed:  im thirty. well, in november ill be thirty
ryan:  is there another meeting scheduled, i was gonna do the blackberry tutorial in here
pam:  michael told us to wait in here. we dont know why
ryan:   ohh… man
michael:  good, were all here, we can get started
ryan:  michael
michael:  have a seat
ryan:  were not doing this today
michael:  have a seat. like everybody else
ryan:  ok. this is
michael:  still my office, ryan.  well, there has been a lot of talk about new ideas today. well, new ideas are fine, but they are also… illegal, because they are a form of ageism. what? yes, i am right. did you know that the age discrimination and employment act of 1967 prohibits employment discrimination based on age with respect to employees 40 years of age or older? i did
toby:  technically, hes right
michael:  hey, shut up toby. look, why do we as a society hate old people so much
creed:  because theyre lame
michael:  no, creed, no they are not. in fact, many cultures revere old people because of their storytelling ability. like the old lady from titanic.  or the funny things that they can do, like “wheres the beef?”   yeah
jim:  why do you have the big picture up again? you used that already, when you burned your foot
pam:  reusing the ben kingsley, too
michael:  i was going to put up some new pictures, but umm, all of the ink in the printer was gone
pam:  oh.
robert dunder:  michael scott
michael:   that is me. come on in.  who is this old fart? did you just stagger off the street? out of a box or something? whos this worthless bag of bones? well, this guy is none other than one of the founders of dunder mifflin, mr. robert dunder. huh?
dwight:  oh, yeah. yes
robert dunder:  thank you everyone
ryan:  michael,  can i talk to you a second
michael:  sure thing.  ‘scuse me.
ryan:  we have actual work to do
michael:  fine. then i will call david wallace and you can explain to him why you threw the founder of the company out on his ancient butt.
michael:  bob, how old are you
robert dunder:  im 87
michael:  eighty-seven years young. and still active. that is great. did you know, that bob is still a member of the board of dunder mifflin
robert dunder:  well, i, i, i havent been to a board meeting in years. i, i send a proxy
michael:  ah, still sends his own proxy. good for you
dwight:  im gonna live for a very long time. my grandma schrute lived to be 101. my grandpa manheim is 103, and still puttering around in argentina. i tried to go visit him once, but my travel visa was protested by the shoah foundation
robert dunder:  i started this company in 1949
michael:  wow
robert dunder:  back then, it was an uh, an industrial supplier of metal brackets mostly for, for construction
michael:  oh, boy
robert dunder:  and then mifflin, of course he killed himself later… uh, but i knew mifflin through the rotary club
michael:  great
robert dunder:  and he was, he was  at dinner with beverly and her husband, wha-what was his name, umm… uhh… jerry.. jerry trupiano from, from south jersey and he was tall. both he and mifflin were tall guys
michael:  great
robert dunder:  and
michael:  thats great. thank you for coming in.  robert dunder everybody.  thank you. that was wonderful. do you have a ride
robert dunder:  well i, i, i came here in a cab
michael:  perfect.
robert dunder:  well, cou, could you get me another…
michael:  inspirational. what have we learned?well, we have learned that you cant teach an old dog new tricks, because its illegal, and you will go to jail.
pam:  i think that i should help him get home
michael:  no, no. dont help him. he doesnt need help, pam.  what a nice guy
michael:  good night guys.
ryan:  well, today was a fantastic waste of time
michael:  i disagree, i think it was very valuable
ryan:  michael, technology helps business ok? you should not resist it, this is the way the world is moving
michael:  i happen to think the old ways of doing business are better. and i can prove it
ryan:  ok. i look forward to hearing your ideas.   where do you wanna go
kelly:  you know, some place romantic and expensive
ryan:  kelly, come on
kelly:  you know what, youre right. im feeling kind of nauseous anyway. so, you know skip it.
dwight:  are you enjoying your vegetarian noodles
angela:  very much. hows your meat
dwight:  dry. delicious
angela:  i heard a joke today
dwight:  oh, thats funny
angela:  yes, it was
dwight:  are you enjoying your mineral water
angela:  i cant do this. i cant be with you. every time i look in your eyes i see sprinkles stiff lifeless body
dwight:  then dont look in my eyes. look right here , its an old sales trick
angela:  im sorry. i gave this everything i could
dwight:  no, please dont do this, monkey
angela:  i will leave your toothbrush on top of your tire tomorrow morning.
toby:  hey guys.this is my, uh, girlfriend, amy
pam:  hi
jim:  hey, amy.how ya doing
pam:  nice to meet you
jim:   nice to meet you
toby:   this is everybody else… okay… this is the place… so thanks for the lift
amy:  yeah, sure. ill, uh, ill see you tonight, right
toby:  absolutely.
amy:  whoa.easy tiger
toby:  i just really like you
amy:  okay.bye guys.nice to meet you
toby:  have a great day
pam:  whoa, toby.watch out.youre going to violate your own pda memo
toby:  i wouldnt want to do that now would i
