michael:  coat! 
pam:  michael just rented the devil wears prada. he has his netflix sent here to the office, and he watches them in pieces when things are slow.
michael:  steak! wheres my steeaaak?
pam:  hes a big meryl streep fan, so i shouldnt be surprised that hes identified with her character.
michael:  get me armani.
pam:  a suit?
michael:  on the phone.
pam:  like the main company number? because im gonna have to call information.
michael:  wheres armani? hes on the phone. too slow. you are not going to paris. im so much better than you are. 
michael:  i owe you an apology.
pam:  you finished the movie.
michael:  yeah. it was awesome. big surprise ending. wont ruin it for you.
pam:  no. go ahead.
michael:  meryl streep is the bad guy. never see it coming. anyways, if i was mean in any way to you, i am sorry. i just want whats best for you, mo chuisle.
pam:  mo chuisle. hes watching million dollar baby… hes gonna try to kill me.
micahel:  so this one goes with my eyes and this one goes with your eyes. people have said i have very pretty eyes. 
jan:  you do.
michael:  i havent heard the same about you. so lets just go with mine.
jan:  well, they both go with the carpet ive ordered, and if you go with the brown leather on the sofas, then they go with that too.
michael:  we already have a sofa. so why do—
jan:  a futons not a sofa.
michael:  it… folds up. youve only seen it flat.
jan:  i know what a futon is, michael.
michael:  i— ok. how much is this going to cost?
jan:  it costs what it costs.
michae:  no— dont… that doesnt even mean anything.
jan:  we have gone through this.
michael:  yes. money has been a little tight lately. but, at the end of my life, when im sitting on my yacht, am i gonna be thinking about how much money i have? no. im going to be thinking about how many friends i have, and my children, and my comedy albums. i mean, i have a yacht, so i obviously did pretty well money wise.
michael:  its just that you say its gonna cost what it costs— 
pam:   michael, its ryan for you.
jan:  conniving little runt. put him through. 
michael:  put him through. yes. ryan, my man!
ryan:   i sent you an email about the new powerpoint.
michael:  yes, and thank you for sending that to me.
ryan:  i had it install the updated powerpoint on the computer so you can use it for the presentation. i really want people there using powerpoint.
michael:  okay, yeah, i dunno. i dunno, i think those it guys messed up.
ryan:  hold on, ill get them on the phone.
michael:   wait, oh, no, here it is, here it is. found it.
jim:   sure, i can hold.
dwight:  dunder mifflin, dwight schrute. please hold.  schrute farms, guten tag. how can i help you? yes, we have availability on those nights. how many in your party? oh no, im sorry, no king beds. no queen either. well, we make our own mattresses that dont conform to the traditional sizes. closest would be twin. thank you so much for calling. call back again. aufedersein!
jim:  hey dwight.
dwight:  none of your business, jim.
jim:  do you run the bed and breakfest?
dwight:  it is not a b and b.
dwight:  agrotourism is a lot more than a bed and breakfest. it consists of tourists coming to a farm, showing them around, giving them a bed, giving them brekafest.
jim:  does the department of health know about this?
dwight:  im not telling you anything.  permits are pending.  dwight schrute, dunder mifflin.
pam:  hello, im looking for a room.
dwight:  okay, this is a mis-use of company phones. 
pam:  it says here you cater to the eldery.
dwight:  where did you read that?
pam:  trip advsior.
dwight:  trip advisor is the life blood of the agrotourism industry. a couple of bad reviews there, you might as well close up shop. thats what took down the stalk inn. one of the cutest little asparagus farms youll ever see.
dwight:  how many in your party?
pam:  two?
dwight:  we offer tours of the fields, and of the barn. uh, perhaps youll be interested in, um, moses table making demonstration?
jan:  so, um, i forgot to tell you that i need the car tonight.
michael:  oh! um, actually, i need the car.
jan:  why? improv? why dont you just pretend you have a car? good practice, incase you ever do a scene where you need to pretend you have a car?
michael:  use to have two cars, traded em in, now were down to one. good economic sense. although the new car is a porsche. for her.
dwight:  one cardigan, one sleeping cardigan and one sleep apnea mask.
angela:  what about my cherub figurine?
dwight:  you took that with you.
angela:  no i left it on my night table— your night table, by the lamp.
dwight:  you are incorrect. i was recently scrubbing my room of memories, and i didnt see it there.
angela:  fine.
dwight:  my girlfriend and i broke up recently. and i must say, i am relieved. gives me a chance to sow my wild oats. in the schrute family, we have a tradition, where when the male has sex with another woman, he is rewarded with a bag of wild oats left on his door step by his parents. you can use these oats to make oatmeal, bread, whatever you want. i dont care, theyre your oats.
kevin:  the bar uses an applause meter. that is why its so important that you all come and applaud only for my band. scrantonicity 2. not scrantonicity, which i am no longer a part of. michael, can i count on you?
michael:  you can not, i have a thing tonight.
kevin:  dammit.
jim:  uh, michael.
michael:  what?
jim:  that reminds me, uh, if the invitation still stands, pam and i would love to have dinner tonight.
michael:  oh no, i have a thing tonight.
jim:  darn it!
pam:  shoot!
michael:  how about this weekend?
jim:  no, cant.
pam:  we only had tonight free, and we really wanted to spend it with you.
michael:  dammit to hell. i-i-ugh, ok. all right.
jim:  where are you going out tonight?
michael:  you wouldnt understand. its a secret.
jim:  i wouldnt understand or a secret?
pam:  you wouldnt understand, jim. its a secret.
michael:  im sorry mr. obrian, i didnt mean to interrupt your dinner. i just have a very exciting offer. my records indicate that you have expressed interest in losing some weight. well, what if i told you that i have a pill that will make you 50 pounds lighter in 5 minutes? how does that sound? amazing right? well, it wont be that fast, but it will–– it will be that easy.
jim:  i cant believe this place is real. i mean, ive heard about his beet farm for years, but wow.
pam:  the beets motel.
jim:  the beets motel? that is, wow.
pam:  thank you. eh. the embassy beets. radishon!
jim:  how are you doing this?
pam:  i dont know! 
pam:  oh my gosh.
michael:  i just love sales. i love it to death. its as simple as that. and i dont get to do it enough as a manager, so i took this second job. i count it as a hobby. some people have golf, or relaxing.
nick:  whats going on here?
michael:  hey, i just got off the phone, and i was gonna make another call. 
nick:  were a legit operation with a license from the city i can show you. we pay minimum wage against commision—
michael:  no, theyre with me, so… this is nick figaro, manager to the stars!
dwight:  we have three rooms, each with a different theme.
pam:  what are the themes?
dwight:  american, irrigation, and night-time.
pam:  irrigation.
jim:  nice.
dwight:  ill put you down for irrigation. well then, do you have any special needs or diertary restrictions?
jim:  yes. we will be requiring a bed time story.
dwight:  no.
jim:  not even harry potter?
dwight:  no. jim, come on.
mose:  but you promised.
dwight:  mose, bags! now!
dwight:  here we are, the irrigation room! a very special room. so ill come get you before the table-making demonstration. and as of this morning, we are completely wireless here in schrute farms. but as soon as i find out where mose hid all the wires, well get that power back on. all righty.
nick:  everybody in the conference room. in 5 minutes.
michael:  these meetings are useless.
nick:  i just want to remind you to stick to the script. improving the work. so, make the call, say the lines, make the sale. got it?
michael:  very inspirational. 
nick:  were offering a $50 bonus tonight to the guy with the most sales. ok.
co-worker 1:  or a woman.
michael:  or a trained seal. 
nick:  you could make jokes when youve made a sale there rookie, ok? 
jim:  hmmm, id say 1 in 6.
pam:  what?
jim:  oh, i thought you asked me what our chances were in being murdered here tonight.
jim:  you know, ive just realized, this is pams and my first night away together. i use to play it over my head, and it was just a little bit different. maybe a uh, nice hotel. or a romantic dinner. wine… uh but, wine that wasnt made out of beets. didnt think dwight would be involved at all. and uh, i always imagined less manure. i mean, some manure, just… less.
dwight:  mose, what are you doing? no mose! put the— put the manure down! put it down! do not throw it! do not throw it! ow!
michael:  yes, is mr. hudson there?
stanely:   yes, who is this?
michael:  im just calling because you responded positively to the—
stanely:  michael?
michael: …stanley?
stanley:  why are you calling me here at home?
michael:   senor, are you happy with your—
stanley:  michael, i know thats you. why are you calling me here at home?
michael:   have you— have you considered satellite television?
stanley:  michael, i know thats you. i know your voice. why are you calling me here at home? 
stanley:   when im at home at night in my own house in my sweats drinking some red wine watching my mystery stories, the last thing in the whole god forsaken world i want to hear is the voice of michael scott.
michael:  well your son sounds like hes really motivated. i think its crazy the coach wont play him frankly.
nick:   my office.
michael:  you bet.
nick:  just dial the number on the sheet and stick to the script. say those words exactly, got it? i dont know why we have to keep on having this conversation.
michael:  look, i know sales, and i had that sale, i just needed a few more minutes—
nick:  a few more minutes is a waste of our time.
michael:  it is not a waste of our time.
nick:  this is a trading game.
micael:  no.
nick:  you give a quick pitch. you make the sale. you move on. thats how vikram does it.
michael:  vikram doesnt have my people skills. 
nick:  good for vikram, because he out-sells you every night.
michael:  well, i hope this conversation has helped.
dwight:   and harry saw the white hand raise its wand, and felt voldemorts surge of vicious anger. saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony. “harry?” it was over quickly as it had come. harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate in the garden, his heart racing.
michael:  what did you get tonight?
vikram:  oh it looks like mixed masala, eggplant, and rice.
michael:  oh, that looks good.
vikram:  oh, and what about you? peanut butter flavor again?
michael:  i am going with the vanilla crisp this evening.
vikram:  enjoy.
michael:  thank you.
vikram:  i was a surgeon back home.
michael:  really?
vikram:  oh yeah.
michael:  wonder what i wouldve been back home?
vikram:  well this is your home.
michael:  i know, but its competitive here. whats a dollar worth in your land? medical school must cost like 40 bucks or a donkey or something.
vikram:  uhh, no.
michael:  i wouldve been chief of surgery… or a cowboy.
jim:   wait, youre going up there?
pam:  yeah. coward.
pam:   oh my god. what century is this?
michael:  you know what, heres the thing about die hard 4. die hard one, the original, john mcclane was just this normal guy. you know, hes just a normal new york city cop, who gets his feet cut, and gets beat up. but hes an everyday guy. in die hard 4, he is jumping a motorcycle into a helicopter. in air. you know? hes invincible. it just sort of lost what die hard was. its not terminator.
co-worker 2:  dude, you should review movies. 
michael:  i actually wrote a movie. 
co-worker 3:  really?
michael:  im writing one, yeah.
co-worker 3:  whats it about?
michael:  um, sort of a spy, thriller…
nick:  whats so captivating?  i like captivating things. and this must be really captivating because its keeping you off the phones. i mean time is your money, thats how i know how captivating it is. because how much time you spend talking.
pam:   ugh, your turn.
dwight:   come in. did you have another nightmare?
jim:  hey dwight.
dwight:  oh, jim. i thought you were mose.
jim:  does mose have nightmares?
jim:  oh yes. ever since the storm.
dwight:  is everything satisfactory with your stay?
jim:  yeah, yeah.
dwight:  great. 
jim:  just thought that i heard crying, moaning, or something in here.
dwight:  oh. well ill look into that in the morning. thank you for bringing that to the attention of the staff.
jim:  good night, dwight. 
co-worker 2:  yeah, so were all gonna go out for a beer. do you wanna come?
co-worker 3:  wed love for you to come, michael.
michael:  thanks, no, i have work tomorrow morning.
co-worker 2: all right, next time dude.
michael:  okay, see you guys.  hey, how you doin?
jan:  you drive, i had too much wine.
michael:  okay. hows yoga?
jan:  i didnt go.
michael:  wh-why not?
jan:  i just didnt!
michael:  okay.
jan:  how was improv?
michael:  good night vikram.
vikram:  good night.
michael:  hey, congrats on the bonus.
vikram:  thank you michael.
michael:  im gonna have it one of these nights.
vikram:  well if you concentrate and make your calls faster, yeah.
michael:  good night.
vikram:  good night.
pam:  michael. morning. hey dwight, how are you?
dwight:  pam.
jim:  you okay?
dwight:  i am better than you have ever been or ever will be. 
ryan:  hey guys! whats happening? hows my favorite branch doin?
ryan:  okay, michael, why dont you start us off?
michael:  um… that wasnt much of an introduction.
ryan:  ladies and gentlemen, your boss, michael scott.
michael:  ahh, still lame. okay. all right. thank you, ryan, for that wonderful introduction. okay, um, today were gonna be talking… about…powerpoint! powerpoint! powerpoint! powerpoint!
michael:  yes i forgot about ryans presentation. and yes, it would have been nice to do well with the first presentation he had given me. but you know what else would have been nice? winning the lottery.
michael:  and the best way to start is to hit start. and up comes the toolbar, thats what she said. what we have to do here is go to run, and then you look up to powerpoint. and we are in. we are going to register. you hit register— updates are ready. i should update. um, estimated time 12 minutes, so this should take 5 or 10 minutes. 
ryan:  is this the first time you ever opened powerpoint?
michael:  why?
ryan:  you didnt prepare a presentation at all, did you?
michael:  no, i had a really rough night, and my boss can back you up on that.
ryan:  im your boss.
michael:  my other boss, mr. figaro.
ryan:  you have another job?
michael:  what i do between 5:30 pm and 1 am is no ones business but mine and my other business.
jim:  are you a cocktail waitress?
ryan:  you can not have another job if it affects your work here.
michael:  it wont.
ryan:  it did, all ready.
michael:  okay, honestly, it was unlikely i was gonna figure this out anyways. 
kelly:  youre so funny.
ryan:  why is darryl here? he works in the warehouse.
kelly:  i invited him.
ryan:  its not a party. darryl, back downstairs, this isnt information you need.
darryl:  theres information here? yeah, youre right, i dont need this. 
kelly:  okay. 
darryl:  hey, get off.
kelly:  umm, see you later tonight.
darryl:  i have plans later.
kelly:  okay, bye honey.
ryan:  how long until you actually get this presentation ready?
michael:  why dont you do the presentation, because you know how to do it?
ryan:  you know what i really want? honestly michael, is for you to know it, so you can communicate to the people here, to your clients, to whomever. 
michael:  huh, okay.
ryan:  what?
michael:  its whoever, not whomever.
ryan:  no, its whomever.
michael:  no, whomever is never actually right.
jim:  no, sometimes its right.
creed:  michael is right. its a made-up word used to trick students.
andy:  no. actually, whomever is the formal version of the word.
oscar:  obviously its a real word, but i dont know when to use it correctly.
michael:  not a native speaker.
kevin:  i know whats right, but im not gonna say, because youre all jerks who didnt come see my band last night.
ryan:  do you really know which one is correct?
kevin:  i dont know.
pam:  its ‘whom when its the object of a sentence, and ‘who when its the subject.
phyllis:  yeah, that sounds right.
michael:  well it sounds right, but is it?
stanley:  how did ryan use it? as an object?
ryan:  as an object.
kelly:  ryan used me an object.
stanley:  is he right about that?
pam:  how did he use it again?
toby:  it was ryan wanted michael, the subject, to explain the computer system, the object.
michael:  thank you.
toby:  to whomever, meaning us, the indirect object. which is the correct usage of the word.
michael:  no one, uh, asked you anything ever, so whomevers name is toby, why dont you take a letter opener and stick it into your skull.
ryan:  wait! this doesnt matter. and i dont even care. michael, you quit the other job, or youre fired here.
michael:  ive never done this before. ive never quit anything in my life.so, you are filming history.
michael:  nick, i had a dream last night that i had two full time jobs.one here at the lipophedrazone diet pill company—
mr. figaro:  lipophedrine
michael:  and the other i was a regional manager of a small paper supply company called dunder mifflin.
mr. figaro:  never heard of it.
michael:  in this dream i did both of these jobs beautifully, and i loved it, and everybody loved me.but the truth is, i cant do this.
mr. figaro:  are you quitting?
michael:  i am.
mr. figaro:  come back anytime, dont forget to disinfect your headset.
michael:  i was never in this for the money.but it turns out that the money was an absolute necessity for me.i tried to live the dream.i tried to have a job, a girlfriend, another job, and i failed.but the good thing about the american dream is that you can just go to sleep, and try it all again the next night.
andy:  so.
pam:  whats up?
andy:  me.all night.dreaming about angelas smoking hot body.
pam:  youre being gross.
andy:  not from a male perspective.you need to set me up with her, i know she told you that shes looking, and shes totally not responding to my moves.
pam:  what moves?
andy:  i have moon-walked past accounting like ten times.
pam:  i cant believe thats not working.
andy:  yeah.
pam:  um, i dont know if i really see you two together.
andy:  really?well, maybe you should look in the smart part of your brain.
pam:  shes very religious.
andy:  okay, well i come from a line wasps so long it leads back to moses.
pam:  okay, well she takes her convictions pretty seriously, she can be kind of severe.
andy:  yeah, and i punched a hole in a wall.
pam:  thats right, you did.
andy:  yeah.
pam:  now that i think about it, angela and andy might actually make a good couple.but i couldnt do that to dwight… or angela… or andy.
michael:  hey kevin, youre a gambler right?a rounder, you play the ponies, small horses.
kevin:  i do gamble michael.
michael:  yeah, i was thinking about doing some gambling myself.you know, just a little bit of money.maybe doubling it, and them doubling it seven more times.i dont know, kind of just for fun.i was thinking, do you have tips, or ideas about sure things.like a boxer who is going to throw the big fight, you know, like, like hes tied into some crooked dealings, maybe his kid is sick or something.like, who do i call about that?
kevin:  the mob.
michael:  do you know anybody in the mob?
kevin:  
michael:  okay, um, oscar, im going to need to take another advance on my salary.
kelly:  what do you mean you have plans tonight?
darryl:  i have my daughter tonight; were renting charlottes web.
kelly:  well, you have to make a choice, its either your daughter, or me.
darryl:  my daughter.
kelly:  okay, i see how it is.  oops.
darryl:  that was cold.
kelly:  
phyllis:  hes always been terrible with money.
stanley:  i bet its jan spending him straight to the poor house.
kevin:  yeah, women be shoppin.
meredith:  i cant believe he has a second job.
oscar:  hes not even good at his first one.
michael:  hey guys.
kevin:  shh.
michael:  whatcha talking about?okay, i know whats going on.youre talking about jim and pam, if theyre having sex, what it looks like, i know, i think—
pam:  michael.
michael:  hey, hey, hey.
oscar:  michael, are you having money problems?
michael:  monkey problem? no, im not having monkey problems.why would i have monkey problems?
oscar:  you heard me correctly.
michael:  oh, i hate monkeys.
pam:  whats going on, why do you have a second job?
michael:  i dont have a second job.maybe im having an affair with suzanne summers.
pam:  doesnt jan have money?
michael:  i dont talk to my girlfriend about money.it is rude, and unsexual.
kevin:  true, its best to hide our money problems from women.
michael:  i totally agree with you.but i dont have money problems, i dont.alright, you know what?watch this, if i had money problems, would i do this? 
michael:  yeah, but i destroyed it, its not even useable anymore.
darryl:  hey, lets call this what it is.
darryl:  its like she only wants to hook up when ryan comes around.its gotten to the point where i get excited every time i see that little dude walk through the door.
kelly:  well, i just need to know where this is going.
darryl:  hey, i like you.oh yeah, whats not to like?but you need to access your uncrazy side, otherwise maybe this things run its course.
kelly:  dont you dare walk away from me darryl philben, you are the most selfish person ive ever met in my entire—
darryl:  slow down, think it over.
kelly: darryl philben is the most complicated man that ive ever met.i mean, who says exactly what theyre thinking?what kind of game is that?
creed:  hey cuz, heard youre having money problems.
michael:  no you didnt.
creed:  listen, ive got the answer.you declare bankruptcy, all your problems go away.
creed:  creed bratton has never declared bankruptcy.when creed bratton gets in trouble, he transfers his debt to william charles schneider.
michael:  how would that help creed?in monopoly when you go bankrupt, you lose.
creed:  you dont go by monopoly man, that game is nuts.nobody just picks up “get out of jail free” cards, those things cost thousands.
michael:  that is a good point.
creed:  bankruptcy, michael, is natures do-over.its a fresh start, its a clean slate.
michael:  like the witness protection program.
creed:  exactly.
oscar:  not at all.
michael:  ive always wanted to be in the witness protection program.fresh start, no debts, no baggage.ive already got my name picked out, lord rupert everton.im a shipping merchant who raises fancy dogs.thats the life.
michael:  i… declare… bankruptcy!
oscar:  hey, i just wanted you to know that you cant just say the word bankruptcy and expect anything to happen.
michael:  i didnt say it, i declared it.
oscar:  still, thats not anything.
oscar:  this is a lot of credit card debt.
michael:  yeah, tell me about it.
oscar:  mmm.
michael:  you know, jan has my credit cards, and shes using them as if im made of money, she thinks im a human atm machine.
oscar:  okay, a hundred and twenty-five dollars, amazon.
michael:  oh, thats the muppet show, on dvd, classic.
oscar:  twelve hundred dollars.whats a core blaster extreme?
michael:  that is by far the best way to strengthen your core.this machine, you sit on a stabilizer ball, you put your feet into the power stir-ups, you reach up and you grab onto the super rod, and you twist, and you twist, and you twist.it strengthens your entire core.your back core, your arm core, the marine core actually uses it.i think thats how they got a core.
andy:  i left a little present for angela.i think shes going to like it, because i found it outside of vance refrigeration all alone, and i told her in the note that the cat came to find her, that they were destined to be together.i got game.
oscar:  okay, the green bar is what you spend every month on stuff you need, like a car and a house.
michael:  mm-hm.that is so cool how you have my name at the top.
oscar:  the red bar is what you spend on non-essentials, like magazines, entertainment, things like that.
michael:  right.
oscar:  this scary black bar is what you spend on things that no one ever, ever needs, like multiple magic sets, professional bass fishing equipment.
michael:  how do they do this so fast?is this power-point?
pam:  man, angela really had a hold on him. angela.
oscar:  michael, im going to set you and jan up with a debt consolidator, you meet with this guy.
michael:  no, no, we are going to leave jan out of this.
oscar:  she has to know.
michael:  we will find another way, well ask power-point.
oscar:  michael, this is a presentation tool.
michael:  youre a presentation tool if you think im gonna tell jan about this.
oscar:  im done!
michael:  no youre not! ok, just… youre not a tool. look, well tell her that its bad, but it couldve been a lot worse but due to some fancy financial foot work i was able to cut it in half. 
oscar:  jan is smart.
michael:  she poses.
jim:  dwight, hows the hotel business?
dwight:  stupid.
jim:  have you checked trip advisor recently?
dwight:  no.
jim:  maybe you should.
dwight:  maybe you should.whatever.
pam:  we wrote a good review.under comments, we wrote, the natural aroma of the beets drifts into the bedroom and makes you dream of simpler times.
jim:  the dawn goose walk will tug at your heartstrings.
pam:  table making never seemed so possible.
jim:  you will never want to leave your room.
pam:  the architecture reminds one of a quaint tuscan beet farm.
dwight:  im glad you enjoyed your stay.
pam:  we really did.it was fun.
oscar:  so due to michaels clever financial maneuvering, he finds himself tremendously in debt.
jan:   youre broke?
michael:  um, thats, how did you get that from what oscars saying?
jan:   michael, how did this happen?where did all your money go?i dont, i dont get this.i really dont.i dont know how you could be so irresponsible.i mean, this is, it is astounding to me, really.i dont know what more to say.
oscar:  jan.
jan:   yeah, what?
oscar:  michael left.
jan:   okay, where did he go?
oscar:  i dont know.
jan:   well, is he coming right back?
oscar:  i dont think so.
jan:   ill be right there.
michael:  what am i doing? i am blowing dodge. im getting out of town. whatever you call it, i am running away from my responsibilities. and it feels good.
angela:   you may ask me out to dinner. nothing fancy or foreign, no bars, no patios, no vegetables, and no seafood.
pam:  dwight.
dwight:  uhh-mmm 
jim:  did i ever tell you why i left scranton?
dwight:   no you didnt.
jim:  yeah, i didnt think i had.well, it was all about pam.
dwight:  mmm-uh-mm 
jim:  yeah, i mean she was with roy, and, uh, i just couldnt take it.i mean, i lost it dwight.i couldnt sleep, i couldnt concentrate on anything.even weird stuff, like food had no taste.so my solution was to move away.it was awful.it was something that i wouldnt wish on my worst enemy, and that includes you.
dwight:  
pam:  hey, i was thinking about dinner— 
jim:  ah, dinner.lets see, maybe we should try the new italian place, where the drive-in used to be.
pam:  okay.
jim:  yeah?
pam:  yeah.
jim:  okay.
pam:  jims just really passionate about italian food.
jim:  yep, im very passionate about italian food.in fact, um, im in love with italian food.
oscar:  jan, he went running that way.
jan:  alright. 
michael:   runaway train, never come back.runaway and im never coming back.
jan:  michael.
michael:  hey jan.
jan:  whats going on?
michael:  not much, whats up with you?
jan:  well, why are you sitting on a train?where are you going?
michael:  im out of answers jan.
jan:  what does that mean?
michael:  i told you, no more answers.this is who i am now.a guy on a train with no answers.i hope that can be enough for you.
jan:  michael, come on.running away from your problems wont solve anything.you know that.
michael:  i dont know that.
jan:  your creditors can follow you anywhere with ease.your debt follows you around the world, electronically.
michael:  ill stay off the grid.
jan:  uh, michael, come on, come on, you can deal with this.its not that bad.
michael:  yeah it is, it is.i really messed up.
jan:  well, when my life fell apart and they, and they screwed me in new york, and i felt like my whole world was collapsing around me, i didnt have anyone.i mean, my whole family still wont even talk to me, on the advice of counsel, and my friends were just waiting for this to happen.
michael:  thats really nice of you to say.
jan:  michael, no, what i want to say is you were there for me.by my side.without even a thought.thats just who you are.i mean, no matter how badly i treat you, or what im going through, you just, you are there for me.and that is a guy worth staying beside.so, wheres this train taking us?
michael:  i think the engineer left.
dwight:  hello, this is dwight schrute calling from dunder-mifflin, and according to our records you appear to be low on office supplies.okay, sure, yeah i can take care of that right now.
michael:  dont sell your implants please.
jan:  im keeping them. i know you like them. theyre kind of uncomfortable though.
michael:  thats nice though.
jan:  its kind of painful and my nipples are over-sensitive now.
michael:  it looks cute though.
michael: i used to get offers in the mail for credit cards all the time.they would say things like “dont pay for six months” or “you can transfer your account from another card”…
dwight: no,  i dont know.
michael: do you think ill get any new ones?i could… 
dwight: what?
michael: what do you mean, “what”?
dwight:  what… 
michael: were you listening to what i was saying?
dwight: i was aware that you were speaking.
michael: what is the matter with you?
dwight: what is the matter with… me?
michael: yeah.
dwight: im… discombobulated.
michael: yeah.
dwight: i need help.
michael: all right, well, go find some.get outa here, please. 
oscar: okay, you need to focus, michael.you need to stop spending money.
michael: yeah.what?
oscar: i hate to ask you this, but are there any retirement funds you can borrow from?
michael: um, my cds.
oscar: you have cds?
michael: i do.
oscar: okay, good, okay.what bank?
michael: my cds are in a portfolio, a rather large portfolio, um, called case logic
oscar:   case logic.
michael: and, um the case logic portfolio is currently in the back seat of my car.there is another smaller case logic portfolio clipped to my visor what?
oscar: im asking about certificates of deposit.
michael: ive been putting money into cds for years.i bought music that i didnt even like.no. 
jan: i just think that…
michael: i cant.
jan: why?
michael: i cant go back to that.
jan: i think you can.i… what?
michael: i dont know if i can do that.i cant see myself spending the next six years digging myself out of that kind of hole.
jan: all right, well then maybe theres another way, you know?i mean, we could just… well think of something else.
michael: we will?i cant.i dont have an idea in my head.
jan: well… well, we will.
michael: i have…
jan: we just will.
michael: okay.what?um…
jan: i have some ideas.
michael: tell me.
jan:   i am not going to tell you yet.
michael: well, please?i wont tell anybody.
jan: oh, yes, you will.
michael: yeah, i will
andy: gentlemen, a word.look, you guys are my closest friends in this office.
jim: right back at ya.
andy: and as such, i come to you…
dwight: state your business!
andy: i am dying of lovesickness and horny-sickness.
dwight: that is impossible.unless you mean gonorrhea.
andy: im talking about angela, okay?did you hear what she was saying to pam the other day?
dwight: yes, i did, ‘cept i dont think she means it.angela is in a great deal of pain because of the death of her cat, and shes in a kind of a grieving process, and it makes her say things.so… best to just lay off.
andy: no can do.i am itching all over with angela-pox.
jim: oh my god, you do have gonorrhea.
phyllis: hey, andy!maybe this is one of those situations where you just have to do her to get her out of your system.
dwight: stay out of this, you!
andy: hey, fellas!and… lady.
kevin: i still do not have your reimbursement check.
andy: thats not why i came over.i mean its a week late, but… i just came over to say hi.
oscar: hi.
kevin:   hi.
andy: angela, you like lacrosse?
angela: lacrosse, the sport?
andy: scranton u. varsitys gonna scrimmage the j.v. squad.should be pretty interesting.j.v. gets really amped.
angela: well, i guess its a big opportunity for them.
andy: yeah.
angela: yeah.
andy: you wanna go?
angela: no.
andy: because we could get some food…
angela: no.
andy: afterwards at the…
angela: andy, no. 
andy: still waiting on that check
jim: pam!you dont think hell mind if we take the shampoo, do you? 
pam: mmm.mmm-mmm. 
jim: okay.
pam:  thank you, mose.
mose:  everybody poops.
jim: yes, they do.
mose: theres no other… way to get rid of the food.
jim: wheres dwight?
mose: gone.
pam: whered he go?
mose: his day place.
jim: the office.
mose: what office?
jim: hmm.
pam: mose, angela hasnt been around here much lately, has she?
mose: angela?
pam: angela – she used to stay here sometimes? 
mose: angela .
mose:  cannonball! lemon bomb!jim, pam, watch!jim, pam, watch!jim, pam, watch!
pam: okay, were watching, mose!
mose: okay, go yankees!im a war hero!
jim: youre doin great, buddy!
mose: names mose, buddy!dwight, can i stop?theyre not even looking.
dwight: yeah, go ahead and stop.you guys, you should really be looking, hes working his ass off over here.
jim: im sorry, did we or did we not pay for a show?
dwight: okay, go ahead, theyre right.
mose: large spins!
jim: more spins.
dwight: arr, dammit!
mose: helicopter
