michael:  yeah! everything! oh its all good, its all good. phyllis
phyllis:  dancing babies
michael:  dancing babies! i love it! i love it
michael:  we are making a commercial for dunder mifflin today. our first ad ever.corporate purchased some air time in local markets to spread the word about dunder mifflin infinity and they are even sending up a professional ad company to help us make it later so… its uh, not too shabby
andy:  best ad ever.  gimme a break, gimme a break, break me off a piece of that… i am totally blanking. what is the thing
jim:  nobody tell him
andy:  what? no, why
jim:  you got it, youre so close
andy:   break me off a piece of that… huh huh huh… br- applesauce
jim:  break me off a piece of that applesauce, i dont think
andy:  break me off a piece of that chrysler car
jim:  nope
andy:  football cream. grr
michael:  okay, its football cream. its football cream. alright! so, anybody else
pam:  im taking a computer animation class so i could try to do a logo
michael:  look at that. even the receptionist is getting in on the creativity. very good, very good
michael:  hello hello
ad guy 1:  hey, how ya doin
michael:  michael scott
ad guy 2:  hey, michael
michael:  regional manager
ad guy 2:  hey michael, nice to meet yo
michael:  excited to talk ideas
ad guy 1:  lets do it, man
michael:  you know, i want this to be cutting edge. i want it to be fast, quick cuts, you know, youthful, sort of a mtv on crack kind of thing
ad guy 1:  that sounds great
michael:  all right, good, well this is what we have to work with
michael:  i would like you to meet andrew bernard. the ‘nard dog. who let the ‘nard dog out?
andy:  hoo hoo hoo-hoo!
michael:  he gives the best back rubs in the office
andy:  its true, i give a mean backrub. i also do good aromatherapy . not! you just got ‘nard dogged
michael:  now this gentleman right here is the key to our urban vibe
stanley:  urban? i grew up in a small town. what about me seems urban to you
michael:  stanley is hilarious. phyllis is like our mrs. butterworth. kind of a less urban aunt jemima.
michael:  these are our accountants. and as you can see they are very different sizes. what you might want to do is kind of a papa bear, mama bear, baby bear thing. that might be kind of fun
kevin:   mama bear
michael:  who else
jim:  i think its great that the companys making a commercial because not very many people have heard of us. i mean, when i tell people that i work at dunder mifflin, they think that we sell mufflers, or muffins, or mittens, or… and frankly all of those sound better than paper, so i let it slide
jim:  you playing that game again
dwight:  second life is not a game. it is a multi-user virtual environment. it doesnt have points or scores, it doesnt have winners or losers
jim:  oh it has losers
dwight:  i signed up for second life about a year ago. back then my life was so great that i literally wanted a second one. in my second life i was also a paper salesman and i was also named dwight. absolutely everything was the same. except i could fly.
michael:   little girl in a field holding a flower, we zoom back to find that shes in the desert and the field is an oasis. zoom back further the desert is a sandbox in the worlds largest resort hotel. zoom back further the hotel is actually the playground for the worlds largest prison.but we zoom back further
ad guy 1:  okay i can tell that your time is valuable
michael:  actually i dont get paid by the hour anymore, but thank you, i get paid by the year, so
ad guy 1:  that all sounds really, really ambitious
michael:  yeah, i know
ad guy 1:  why dont we show you what we did with the nashua branch
michael:  mmm. okay.
michael:  thats what nassau came up with? that sucks!  whoa
ad guy 1:  thats what we came up with
michael:  well we can do better than that
ad guy 2:  well the main part of the ad has to stay the same, actually
ad guy 1:  yeah, its the last five seconds where we have some leeway
michael:  the waving?
ad guy 1:  well, no, no. you dont have to be waving. that was just what they did. you guys can be clapping. sitting. standing outside, inside, whatever. this is where you really get to be creative
andy:  i need some advice. ive been spending a lot of time making out with angela lately. but weve been necking, but only necking.right? not actually kissing, our mouths, just the neck on neck. its just like rubbing slash nuzzling our necks together. its hot, im not going to lie to you , but its a little weird, but you seem like a guy with answers, so how do i fast track this to get to first base
dwight:  we cannot talk about this… because, someone might hear us.
andy:  well use code names
dwight:  angela can stay the same, but well change andy to dwight
andy:  thats not different enough
dwight:  dwike
receptionist:  you have a call from eddie murphy
ryan:  hello
michael:   shrek! shrek, im a donkey! im a donkey, shrek!  im just kidding. its me. hello ry.
ryan:  what
michael:  okay, calm down. i have a small problem.
ryan:  i told you not to call about small problems
michael:  yeah, well when i call about big problems you dont like that either, so make up you mind, kiddo. here is the deal, the ad guys that you sent are locking me in a creative box, and sort of ignoring my ideas
ryan:  thats good. theyre creative, youre not.
michael:  im creative, ryan
ryan:  its not part of your job, its like, maybe you can cook but it doesnt mean you should start a restaurant
michael:  well actually i cant cook, and i am starting a restaurant. mikes cereal shack. im thinking well have as many varieties as you can buy in the store
ryan:  okay, im not really interested in that right now. im delegating creativity to creative professionals. its a different skills set. look, i wasnt good at sales, right
michael:  yeah!
ryan:  but im good at managing people who do sales 
michael:  are you? i dont think youre doing such a good job here, suppressing ideas and creativity
michael:  all right, let me ask you this, tell me if you think this is creative. when i was five, i imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. and this is before i had even heard of one, or seen one. i just drew a picture of a horse that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. and i was five, five years old. couldnt even talk yet
michael:  hey guys, um, you know what, we cannot shoot this ad today
ad guy 2:  okay, when should we come back
michael: how about never hundred hours, sir
ad guy 2:  we were sent here to help out
ad guy 1:  okay im not going to argue with this guy. lets go. good luck dude.
michael:  hey thanks. thank you
david wallace:   michael, david wallace.what is this about dismissing the ad people
michael:  yeah, im glad you called. ryan is being a little bitch again
ryan:  im on michael.
michael:  whats up my brotha? listen, david, i would like to do this ad in house. i want to use only the creativity that we have right here in the office. and i will send it to you tomorrow morning, take a look at it, and if you do not think that its ready to air, send the ad agency back down here, and well do it on my dime
david wallace:  this is weird
michael:  im willing to stake my entire reputation on it
david wallace:  okay, ill see it tomorrow.
michael:  okay.  and thus, michael scott sealed his own destiny. in a good way
michael:  has anyone ever come up to you and said, “youre not creative”
dwight:  yes
michael:  well theyre wrong. you are creative. you are damn creative. each and every one of you. you are so much more creative than all of the other dry, boring morons that you work with.
jim:  who are you talking to, specifically
kevin:  i kind of know what its like to be in commercials. my nickname in high school used to be kool-aid man.
oscar:  when i was younger i always wanted to be an actor in commercials. then i realized i had a brain
meredith:  im excited about doing the ad, but im not really used to doing videos with so many people around
michael:  we have three scenes to film, big scenes. we have a song to write. so lets get cracking. kelly, i want you to do makeup. oscar, i would like you to do costume design, obviously.phyllis, id like you look around town and see if we have any celebrities in our local area
phyllis:   sue grafton is at the steamtown mall. shes doing a book signing right now
michael:  okay, okay, phyllis this is what i want you to do. i want you to go down to the mall. i want you to get in line. i want you to get her to be in this commercial. this would be a huge coupe people. all right? do not take no for an answer
phyllis:  okay
andy:  does anyone actually know what sue grafton looks like? i mean, is she hot or-
creed:  shes crazy hot
andy:  well then maybe we should just use angela and say shes sue grafton. would anyone notice
angela:  thats not happening
angela:  i find the mystery genre disgusting. i hate being titillated
phyllis:  bye everyone
michael:  line it up phyllis
creed:  get her phyll
darryl:   out of paper, out of stock, theres friendly faces around the block, break loose from the chains that are causing your pain
darryl:  dunder mifflin
darryl:  dunder mifflin
michael:  time out, time out, time out, time out, time out. i thought… i was under the impression that this was going to be a rap
darryl:  whats rap
michael:  okay, darryl, wow, you need to learn a lot about your own culture. ill make you a mix.
darryl:  great
andy:  news flash. i got some juicy updates on operation fallen angel. remind me to tell you later
jim:  hey
pam:  no talk, im animating
jim:  why dont we take a quick ten second break from that so i can show you whats going on here.  okay, this is dwights second life. hes on it all the time. so much so that his little guy here has created his own world. its called second second life, for those people who want to be removed even further from reality.
pam:  are you serious
jim:  yeah
pam:  oh my god, hes really in pain.
jim: 
pam:  whos that
jim:  oh, its just my avatar guy. whatever
pam:  he looks a lot like you. how much time did you spend on that
jim:  not much, its just for tracking dwight so
pam:  right… youre a sports writer in philadelphia? nice build too.
jim:  yep
pam:  you have a guitar slung on your back. i did not know you played guitar
jim:  i… why dont we go back to this animation
pam:  no no no, i want to see more of philly jim. i want philly jim
jim:  ah, show me how this works
pam:  oh boy
darryl:   out of paper, out of stock, theres friendly faces around the block, break loose from the chains that are causing your pain. call michael, stanley, jim, dwight or creed. call andy and kelly for your business paper needs. call dunder mifflin
darryl:  dunder mifflin
michael:  stop. stop stop stop stop stop stop. this is not me. this is not my music
darryl:  youre right, its better than you! its us!  dunder mifflin
michael:  no, i hate it! i hate it! …i dont hate it, i just dont like it at all. and its terrible.
darryl:  youre on your own, mike.
michael:  okay, you know what. hold on, hold on darryl
darryl:  you just said you hated it.
michael:  no. i said i hate the, the style
andy:   break me off a piece of that lumber tar. snickers bar
michael:  okay, wow. wow, this looks uh, terrible
andy: break me off a piece of that grey poupon
michael:  andy, andy, this is a pivotal scene in the ad. and if we dont get this, if we dont nail it, were going to lose the whole triumph of the moment. the triumph of the will. now, god, what? what phyllis
phyllis:   well, i got in line to buy sue graftons book and when it came to my turn i asked if she wanted to be in the ad and she said no thank you, but i wasnt supposed to take no for an answer
michael:  thata girl
phyllis:  so i kept on asking and they finally threw me out of the store in front of all my friends.
michael:  did you, or did you not get sue grafton?
phyllis:   no
michael:  ugh, can somebody give her a tissue please?
jim:  i hope youre not killing yourself on this, because im sure its good enough for michaels ad that will probably be seen by no one.
pam:  maybe, but its not good enough for me yet
jim:  okay. do you want me to stay
pam:  no no, you can go home. im good
jim:  pam is staying late tonight to uh, achieve her dreams. so im pretty proud of her, unfortunately she was my ride home
meredith:  you comin
jim:  i, ah
meredith:  piss or get off the pot
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam
jim:  good morning.  yeah im sorry, i looked away for a second and creed snatched your hash browns
pam:  thank you
jim:  youre welcome
pam:  i worked until about 2:45 am. and then i had to decide if i wanted to spend the night with michael editing in his office, and dwight watching michael edit in his office, or drive home and probably fall asleep at the wheel and die in a fiery car wreck. i passed out on my keyboard trying to decide
andy:  let me pour you some bubbly because somebody got to a whole new level last night.
dwight:  andy, i cant hear this right now
andy:  no, no no no, this is good. you know how we havent really gotten anywhere that i want to get to physically yet? well, last night, that changed. were makin out, im kissin her neck, and cheek and her ear lobe, and shes not really kissing me back. but she closes her eyes and shes like, “oh d, oh d.”
dwight:  she called you d
andy:  yeah. d for andy
dwight:  oh d.
andy:  oh d
dwight:   oh d.
andy:  oh d
both:  ohhhhhh d!  ohhhh d
michael:  im about to send the ad to corporate… and it is sent. theyll probably watch it right away. i know i would. okay. 
pam:   yes
michael:  pam, please clear my phone lines
pam:  certainly.  okay, clear.
michael:  they could call at any second now.  oh god…i better call
michael:   well, its been tough. the uh, geniuses at corporate rejected my commercial and tonight they are airing the brain dead version. so welcome one and all to the world premiere of corporate crapfest
everyone:   oh!
bartender:  hey it seemed like a big hit
michael:  no, it was stupid. people like waving, waving sells. its not art. yet we made our ad, the real one was full of humor, and full of depth, and full heart and it was real
jim:  hey, could you do me a favor? could you put that in the dvd player
jim:  hey everybody! just want to welcome you all to the premiere of the real dunder mifflin commercial, the michael scott directors cut. hope you like it
michael’s ad:   it all starts with an idea. but you can never tell where an idea will end up.  because ideas spread, they change, grow. they connect us with the world.  and in a fast moving world, where good news moves at the speed of time , and bad news isnt always what it seems.  because when push comes to shove we all deserve a second chance.  to score.  dunder mifflin. limitless paper in a paperless world
everyone: 
jim:  animation? all her by the way.
bartender:  really
jim:  i just thought you should
bartender:  the animation was cool.
pam:  thanks
bartender:  hey listen, you ever been on a motorcycle
jim:  ahh.
kevin:  michael, that was fun
michael:  that was fun. next round of drinks is on me, people
andy:   claude van damme, hair for men, poison gas, nutrasweet.  its gotta rhyme with “piece.” fancy feast!  break me off a piece of that fancy feast! its the cat food. nailed it
michael:  all right! so, anybody else? no bad ideas. everybody, lets keep em coming… oh, god.okay, toby
toby:  well, you know how everyone fast forwards through ads these days? well, what about an ad in slow motion. you know, if they fast forward through it, itll just seem normal and it will catch your eye. plus, uh, the slogan could be: dunder mifflin, we adapt to the pace of your business.
michael:  there are no bad ideas but for an idea, that was really, really bad
toby:  i spent three years in advertising before i came here
michael:  and that is probably why most ads suck.  oh, thats them!those are the ad guys right there. all right, my very fortunate and creative group, go back to your desks and i will let you know when it is time to film.   pam! pam, come here for a second. did you get the memo about dressing your best
pam:  yeah
michael:  about dressing your best today
pam:  yeah, i distribute so i get all the memos
michael:  cool. cool, i just wanted to make sure you got it
pam:  yeah, i get all the memos.
michael:  okay, good. good
michael:  this is pam beesly, representing our girl next door.pretty but nothing special.you know, but she sort of keeps it real. what you might want to do, is if you could zoom in, like really quick zooms on her. might be good.who else?  oh, creed… is the old guy over there. dont look at him. you might want to use him to sort of get that orville redenbacher dynamic going
ad guy 1:  sure.
ad guy 2:  right
michael:  and if not we can just make him disappear.  this is jim! halpert. jim has a very expressive face, dont you jim? he is like our mr. bean
jim:  okay
michael:  so do, um, do sad, do the sad face.
jim:  i dont want 
michael:  no, thats skeptical. do sad
jim:  mmm
michael:  thats, thats a pirate movie.  thats annoyed. well, he doesnt do very well under pressure
ad guy 1:   yeah… no
michael:  and anybody else, we can just hire an actor to replace.follow me!lets get this movin.
michael: all right, lets start
jim: all right! im not sure what im supposed to be doing, but
michael: you are my producer, you are a suit.i am the creative genius.you take care of all the boring stuff, and let my mind just run free
jim: yup
michael: now, we have eighty-five dollars, and a sam goody gift certificate
jim: right
michael: …and we need to be done by 9 a.m. tomorrow
jim: mmmhmm.why dont you start by telling me what you got
michael: we start on a single blank sheet of paper
jim: love it.
michael: and we widen to reveal ancient rome
jim: mm, cant do that
michael: okay, we widen to reveal a spaceship blasting out of a womans womb
jim: definitely cant do that
michael: bull man
jim: you know what
michael: this is bull
jim: okay, scott, why dont you take your head out of the clouds and come back down to planet earth so we can make a commercial
michael: ahhhh
jim: im just doing my job, man
michael: if you dont let me pursue my artistic vision, i am going to walk
jim: good!fine!ive got one andy bernard that will direct this puppy for half your fee…
michael: no!no!jim, jim, dont, dont…
jim: what?what?
michael: no, i can do it
jim: what
michael: i can do it good.i can do it good.please, dont.please. please give me it
jim: okay, make a commercial
michael:  do you want this open or closed
jim: closed.
michael: hey, everybody, i just got off the phone with david wallace, and he has given us the go-ahead to make the first ever dunder mifflin television commercial.huh?
everyone: 
michael: i cant hear you! heard you a little bit less that time.must be
dwight: we had already applauded
michael: okay, okay.who could do music
pam: how about darryl
michael: actually, im a little concerned about having a black person do the music, because that could create a positive stereotype that could then become a… celestine prophesy, and keep the next bon jovi from ever picking up a piano.
jim: michael is on a mission to prove that hes creative.which i think is odd, because michael actually might be the most creative person ive ever known.every day, michael says and thinks things that no one has ever said or thought before
