toby:  i really didnt think i was going to have a good time, but i did. totally did
meredith:  i love camping.  anything can happen
toby:  oh, it wasnt camping, it was more of a wilderness retreat.
michael:  morning
toby:  michael
pam:  ryan invited some of the branch managers and toby into the woods for a “get to know you” weekend. michael wasnt invited. apparently they already knew everything they needed to know about him
pam:  did you sleep in cabins
toby:  under the stars. it was really beautiful, you should come.
phyllis:  bob and i took rock climbing lessons once.
phyllis:  michael wasnt invited on ryans camping trip. toby went, but michael didnt go. he wasnt invited
pam:  who went
toby:  me, dan from buffalo, mark chisholm, jeff from albany and ryan, obviously. made so many smores, that i finally had to say, “no more smores, no more smores.”
toby:  ryan invited me to go on his wilderness adventure retreat. it was this amazing, beautiful experience
michael:   hey, nobody cares. nobody cares. i need that room at some point, so just, wrap it up
toby:  michael wasnt invited
michael:  hypothetically, if i were to ask you to go camping, and you know what hypothetical means?  not real
jim:  got it
michael:  so if i were to hypothetically ask you to go camping with me, would you go?
jim:  absolutely, yes
jim:  when michael plays the hypothetical game, i always say yes
michael:  really
jim:  yeah
michael:  oh, you wanna go today
jim:  and i am always busy
jim:  oh, cant go today, cause im donating blood.
michael:  how often can you actually donate blood
jim:  is there a limit
michael:  your body only has a certain amount.
jim:  well, is that it? or
michael:  yeah, just this whole toby, camping thing, uh, seems a little lame.
jim:  how so
michael:  a bunch of guys, in a tent? making smores?
jim:  whats that
michael:  hello, im broken mountain. you know, heres the thing. thats not how you go camping. i think you go camping by yourself
jim:  right
michael:  in the wilderness. its not with a group of guys frolicking around in tents. its one guy, or two guys, if your plans change
jim:  not gonna change
michael:  i wanna do it myself. you know, i want to go and, and find out something about myself, i wanna get outta here. all the cliques, and the office politics. fluorescent lights. asbestos
jim:  i thought we had that looked at
michael:  im sick of it jim. im sick of this place
michael:  when jan and i had satellite, we used to watch a reality show called “survivorman.” and, it was interesting because it was about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die, try not to get eaten by an animal, or be overexposed
michael:  ok, i will only need two things. roll of duct tape and a knife
dwight:   im on it.
michael:  ok. thirty minutes or less, please come back. save the receipts.  hey, what…
dwight:  lets see if any of these will work.
michael:  hey, hey hey! dwight. . dwight
dwight:  i keep various weaponries strategically placed around the office. i saved jims life with a can of pepper spray i had velcroed under my desk. people say, “oh, its dangerous to keep weapons in the home or the work place.” well i say, “its better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose.
michael:  dwight and i are going out. he will return later, but i will not. i will also be taking a personal day tomorrow, and perhaps the next day.
pam:  do you want me to ask where youre going
michael:  no
pam:  great
michael:  dwight will be driving me deep into the pennsylvania wilderness
pam:  oh
michael:  where he will then leave me to either die or to survive. the choice is yours.
jim:  hmm, no, the choice is actually yours. are you sure you want to do this?
michael:  yes, and i am leaving you in charge of the office for the rest of the day and for the next several days. do not try to follow me.
jim:  ok, great
michael:  this is a very personal, private experience in the wild, that i wish to share it with me, myself and i.
jim:  yup
michael:  when i return, i hope to be a completely changed human being
jim:  thatd be great
dwight:  do i believe that michael possesses the skills to survive in a hostile environment? lets put it this way: no, i do not
michael:  this is what a true survivor man does. you simulate a disaster, like a plane wreck. you could only wear the clothes that you have on, and you could only use the stuff you have in your pockets. now, in this case, this disaster is a serial killer. creepy guy whos abducted me and is taking me out into the wilderness to leave me for dead.
dwight:  no, i would never leave you for dead. you would never escape
michael:  well, yes i would. and i would survive.
dwight:  i would make sure that you were dead
michael:  well
dwight:  first, i would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertips so you could not be identified.
michael:  you
dwight:  and they would call me the overkill killer
michael:  you… you are as creepy as a real serial killer. for real.  ok
dwight:  what are you doing?
michael:  i am putting this on so i have no familiarity with my surroundings. now this way, i cant retrace my steps. i dont know what streets weve been—  ow! what are you doing
dwight:  it would be better if you were unconscious
michael:  no! gosh! dwight.  stop it, stop it! stop it
dwight:  do you want to do this right or not
michael:  just, please allow me to have one cathartic experience in my life
angela:  jim, we need to order a cake for creeds birthday.
jim:  oh, wasnt it just someones birthday
angela:  yes. kellys was last week, remember?
jim:  i do remember, yeah
angela:  its birthday month. creeds is today. oscars is week after next. merediths is at the end of the month.  michael usually goes with red and white streamers
jim:  you know what, i have an idea. why dont we just do one big shared party
angela:  what
jim:  there are thirteen people working in this office, so thirteen times a year michael gets a cake and balloons, and some sort of joke gift and makes a toast. there are two types of toasts. one is a joke about how old you are
michael:   look at those wrinkles. blacks do crack! not crack the drug
jim:  and the other is something inappropriate. or horrible. or both. what else? he only sings the high harmony to “happy birthday.” and hes a very big believer in surprise parties. maybe even, arguably, possibly to a fault
michael:   happy birthday!
kelly:  ahhh!!
michael:   happy birthday!
oscar:  ahhh!
michael:   happy birthday
phyllis:  oh!
jim:  so… i think, yeah, i think getting these out of the way might be productive
jim:  we can just have one big fun party. everybodys happy, nobody wastes their time
angela:  i dont like it.
pam:  wow! youre shaking things up a bit, huh
jim:  its a pretty good idea, dont you think
pam:  do you think its a good idea
jim:  no… i think its a great idea
pam:   hmm
dwight:  were here.
michael:  dwight will take my blindfold off when we are deep in the forest. just the two of us from this point out.
dwight:   here we go. just the two of us
dwight:  here we go, into the wild. mighty forest. can you smell the trees and the nature
dwight:  keep going, youre fine. just some bushes and some thickets  keep going. you wanted wilderness, you got it
jim:  you know, try sending them another invoice
oscar:  ok.
jim:  alright.  oh, did you see my memo by the way?
oscar:   “lets be honest, as fun as birthdays are we could all use a break from the constant cake, so lets celebrate birthday month in style today.” this is really cool
jim:  right? i was just thinking
oscar:  no, totally, totally. this way we get it all out of the way at once and it could actually be fun.
jim:  right! exactly.  knew i could count on you.
dwight:  good a spot as any.
michael:  what are you doing? stop. dwight, dwight. just 
dwight:  im just 
michael:  stop.
dwight:  spin. im trying to confuse your sense of direction.  behold.
michael:  alright, good. thank you, dwight
dwight:  heres your knife. heres your duct tape.
michael:  alright, very good. ahh, ok. 
dwight:  good luck, michael
michael:  thanks for the ride. ok. leave me be, dwight.
meredith:  hey, jim, can i have my own cake?
jim:  whats that
meredith:  i really prefer devils food cake
jim:  oh, sure.
meredith:  yes
jim:  ok.
pam:  wow! that was easy.
jim:  yeah, people like me i guess
creed:   jim
creed:  i hate devils food
jim:  well i think meredith was just 
creed:  screw meredith, i dont think its fair to let someone else pick the cake on my birthday.
jim:  everybodys birthday.
creed:  today is actually my birthday and i want to pick the cake
jim:  what do you want
creed:  i want pie. i want peach pie
jim:  you want a birthday pie
creed:  i want a nice cobbler
jim:  well, im gonna to talk to angela and were gonna see what we can do about a pie
creed:  i dont care who you talk to. just make it happen
jim:  it will be angela.
creed:  you tell her its for creed. shell know what that means
michael:   day one. im in the interior of the vast pennsylvania wilderness. ive brought with me only the bare essentials. a knife, roll of duct tape, in case i need to craft some shelter or make some sort of water vessel. its hot today. the sun is in the two-thirds easterly quadrant, which would make it about  2 oclock in the afternoon. its really beating down on me now. i think that i want to get a little more comfortable because the sun is depleting my resources.  ok. oh, there we go. watch that i dont hit my corroded artery here
dwight:  i lied to michael. i said that i would leave him alone, but i will not. i will remain close by to provide unseen moral support, but i will never help him. i will let harm befall him. i will even let him die. but i will never let him lose his dignity
michael:  there we go.  much better. now everything i brought with me can be used. my sport coat here, can be fashioned into a backpack of sorts 
michael:  im going to wear what was once one of my pant legs.
michael:  see, this is a beautiful piece of material  this could be used for all sorts of things
michael:  some sort of kerchief to keep my neck nice and comfortable
andy:  tuna.
jim:  andy.
andy:  me likey the ice cream cake, okay? fudgie the whale
jim:  not your birthday
andy:  well, im just saying, you know, if you want to make people happy, namely me, you will have a fudgie the whale
jim:  alright, ill look into it, but the answers no
andy:  wow, ok, harsh. just dont expect me to show up
jim:  hey, andy, i have some calls to make
andy:  loud and clear.
jim:  alright.
andy:  pizza rolls.
jim:  ok, im gonna go into this office here  to do some work. so i will be in here
andy:  mushroom caps
michael:  i am totally alone right now, with only my thoughts. i love it. im loving it. i can literally say anything i want. no one is gonna here me.  wish i could have gone with ryan on that cool retreat! jan has plastic boobs! i have hemorrhoids! doesnt even matter
dwight:  michael is a man of great depth and passion. i dont know what hes searching for out here.  i hope he finds it.  lunch
michael:  well it is a little chillier than i had thought, so i have fashioned my hat back into my pants. several hours in, time for me to find some nourishment. now, these woods are full of creatures that can sustain human life. things like, uh, squirrels, nice juicy rabbit would be delicious
dwight:  about two more minutes 
michael:  i have made this spear, with which i will impale my dinner. and it couldnt come a moment too soon because i have been without food for a good three hours or so. im startin to feel it a little bit. ohh… its creeds birthday.  happy birthday to you. happy birthday to you. happy birthday to creed. happy birthday to you. happy birthday, buddy
meredith:  what is jim thinking? its a birthday, so what if theres a lot of them?
kevin:  yeah, i work hard all day. i like knowing that theres going to be a break. most days i just sit and wait for the break
stanley:  i took an extra shot of insulin in preparation for this cake today. if i dont have some cake soon, i might die
oscar:  why dont you just have an apple
stanley:  why dont you mind your business
creed:  listen, i figured this out. jimmy had his birthday three weeks ago, so he doesnt care.
oscar:  probably went to his head.
creed:  yeah.
oscar:  hey, jim.
jim:  hey guys, whatre we talking about
creed:  nothing! nothing going on. were talking about nothing. cmon gang
michael:  well if you take a look at this, i tented my pants. ive made myself a nice pants tent shelter. and this little guy  may be dunder mifflin paper some day
dwight:  nothing to worry about. just using the scope. safety is…  on
toby:   hey jim.
jim:  toby
toby:  hey, i just got the word on the communal birthdays. great idea
jim:  oh, thanks man.
toby:  yeah
jim:  is there anything 
toby:  my birthday was two months ago.
jim:  oh, ok
toby:  there was no party.
jim:  what
toby:  well, it… there was. but michael scheduled it for 4:58 on a friday. you know, people sang in the parking lot
jim:  i remember that
toby:  i dont know, i just thought you could include me
jim:  seriously
toby:  i just though you could add me.i dont see the harm in that
jim:  tobys great. hes great, but sometimes he can be a little bit much.  i dont see the harm in that. well, its a cake toby, so, cmon
jim:  ok. yeah, you know what, were just gonna throw you in. because more the merrier, right
angela:  no. no way. i am not a machine, jim. you cant just change plans willy nilly and expect these little magic party elves to do your bidding. we already have devils food, peach cobbler, fudgie the whale, mushroom caps
toby:  im allergic to mushrooms.
jim:  thats a bummer. ok, then we need to… hey everybody. hi, how you doing? can i have your attention please?‘cause we have to talk about this birthday thing.
pam:   conference room
jim:  yes, conference room in five minutes… no. no. were gonna solve it right here. were actually gonna talk about it out here. so, who has problems with the birthday thing?  one, two, three, everybody. ok, so then we just shouldnt do it.
angela:  what am i supposed to do with two cakes and a pie
kevin:  oh, ill take em.
creed:  well nobodys touching my cobbler.
phyllis:   hey, michael. i mean jim
jim:  yup, phyllis called me michael. and i will always and forever be haunted by that fact
michael:  under this tree, i think i struck the mother load. those  are natures best mushrooms. wild, and i have to say these little buggers are damn tasty as well. 
dwight:  stop! no, no michael! nooo! nooo!  nooo! arghh. get, get them out.
everybody:  happy birthday to you. happy birthday to you. happy birthday  to creed. happy birthday to you. 
michael:  yeah!  alright, skip around the room. skip around the room. we want — ok, alright. yeah, dont do that. youre gonna break something
michael:  man became civilized for a reason. he decided that he liked to have warmth, and clothing, and television, and hamburgers, and to walk upright, and to have a soft futon at the end of the day. he didnt want to have to struggle to survive. i dont need the woods. i have a nice wood desk. i dont need freshair, because i have the freshest air around, a.c. and i dont need wide open spaces. check it out.  i can also make it the sky
michael:  hey, buddy
jim:  hey
michael:  what up?
jim:  sure glad youre back.
michael:  you are relieved
jim:  you have no idea.
michael:  so what did i miss
jim:  well, i tried to put all the birthdays together at once
michael:  oh
jim:  so, terrible idea
michael:  yeah, okay, i did that. rookie mistake.
jim:  you did do it
michael:  uh huh. yeah, just wait. ten years, youll figure it out
jim:  well, i dont think ill be here in ten years
michael:  thats what i said. thats what she said
jim:  thats what who said
michael:  i never know. i just say it. i say stuff like that, you know, to lighten the tension. when things sort of get hard
jim:  thats what she said
michael:  hey! nice. really good. bravo, my young ward.
michael: come in
pam: oh, its creeds birthday today.should we get him an ice-cream cake?mint chocolate chip
michael: pam, are you my friend
pam: oh, no
michael: we have been friends forever, right
pam: yes, i have been working with you forever
michael: hypothetically… would you go camping with me, if i were to ask you?and bear in mind that i would never actually ask you to go camping.that jim is also a friend of mine, and i would rather die than make any sort of improper ovation toward you
pam: i dont think so.
pam: heres the thing.when michael invents a hypothetical situation, he eventually turns it into an actual situation.
michael: do you understand that jim is like a brother to me, and i would never do anything inappropriate
pam: i do
michael: so, as friends, would you go with me on a camping trip
pam: no
michael: thank you for your honesty
pam: youre welcome.open or closed
michael: split the difference.hey… mint chocolate chip, please?is jim out there
pam: no
michael: can you send dwight in here
pam: yeah.dwight, michael wants to see you in his office.
dwight: you wanted to see me
michael: mmhmm.i had something very personal i would like to discuss. would you go find jim, and send him in here, please
dwight: im on it.
pam: michael has employed dwight to track you down
jim: how much time do i have
dwight: jim, michaels office
pam: couple minutes, give or take
dwight: now, jim
dwight: and this… is a hassenfass.case-hardened steel.one side, as sharp as youd ever want something to be.the other side serrated for maximum damage
michael: okay
dwight: look at that.perfectly balanced.this is a fine precision instrument
michael: all right, dexter, just give me the knife.
dwight: dont you want a sheath for that
michael: no, just get me a case. all right
dwight: anything else?flint
michael: mmmmm.all i need
dwight: parka
michael: no, dwight
dwight: tent, rainfly, gorp
michael: im telling you, all i will need are my instincts and my will to survive
dwight: mmmnnnnmmm
michael:  what is this called again
