stanley:  this is ridiculous
phyllis:  do you have any idea what time well get out of here
michael:  nobody likes to work late, least of all me.  do you have plans tonight
jim:  nope i dont, remember when you told us not to make plans cause were working
michael:  yes i remember. mmm, this is b.s. this is b.s. why are we here? i am going to call corporate. enough is enough, im – god, im so mad!  this is michael scott, scranton, well we dont want to work. no we dont! its not fair to these people. these people are my friends and i care about them! were not going to do it!  everybody i just got off the horn with corporate and basically i told them where they could stick their little overtime assignment. go enjoy your friday
dwight:  thank you michael
michael:  all right, happy friday.  well i think we dodged a bullet there
jim:  i think you did
michael:  i think we should celebrate. how about you, pam, mi casa, a little dinner, dancing, drinks
jim:  oh, i
michael:  you said you didnt have plans. thats what you said
jim:  michael has asked pam and me to dinner at least 9 times. and every time weve been able to get out of it. but ive got to give him credit, he got me. because im starting to suspect that there was no assignment from corporate
dwight:  michael, what time should i be arriving
michael:  dwight, its couples only. and besides, i only have six wine glasses, so it will be me and jan, and pam and jim, and angela and andy
andy:  hey-o
dwight:  does it bother me that i wasnt invited to michaels dinner party?
jan:  hi
michael:  hello
jim:  hi
jan:  how are you
michael:  come on in. good to see you
jan:  chilly huh? so glad we finally got to do this with you guys. you wanna take their coats babe
michael:  yes i would. so, what have you been doing
jim:  lets see, since i saw you an hour ago
michael:  yeah
jim:  i have been getting ready and then driving over here
michael:  well we have been doing pretty much the same thing
jim:  really
michael:  except driving
pam:  we got you this.
jan:  oh well pam, thank you, this will be great to cook with
michael:  well have a seat, or come on in, or, i dont know, make yourself to home. this is our casa
pam:  its really nice
jan:  so what do you guys think, should we do the tour first or the appetizers first
jim:  tour, lets do the tour first
michael:  okay
jan:  do you have a preference babe? upstairs first
michael:  totally your call babe
jan:  alright, well, lets go then, i say upstairs
jim:  oh, you guys doing a little construction
michael:  oh, just redoing the sliding glass door
jan:  yeah, so sorry about this god-awful carpet, were still a work in progress here
michael:  well, thats
jan:  this is my office
michael:  yep, never been used
jan:  not super exciting
michael:  no
jan:  and this is my workspace
michael:  this is it, check that out, can you smell that?
pam:  uh-huh
michael:  as you can smell theres a lot of different odors going on in here
pam:  so you have an office and a workspace
jan:  i do, i cannot create in the same space i conduct business, im sure that youre the same with your doodles.  smell
jim:  its fire
jan:  uh-huh, bonfire
michael:  bond
jan:  men love this one
michael:  james bond fire. i am bond fire, james bond fire. michael scarn.
jan:  when i get frustrated, or irritated or… angry, i come up here and i just smell all my candles and it just -poof- goes away
jim:  just like that
jan:  just like that
jan:  so this is the master bedroom, and these walls used to like white, like an asylum. so i wanted it to be softer, so i had it painted in eggshell white
michael:  guess what, white and eggshell white are exactly the same color
jan:   babe i thought you said you were going to tidy things up
michael:  well, i
jan:  shame on you
pam:  what a cute bench
michael:  thanks, thats my bed. jan has some space issues, so i curl up on that puppy
jim:  really? cause… seems pretty narrow… and short
michael:  its actually a lot bigger than it seems. look at this.
jan:  see, he fits perfectly
michael:  i finally broke down and bought myself a plasma tv. check it out.  i actually hung this on the wall myself. i want to show you something . a lot of people in the room, need more space?  voila, right in the wall
jim:  wow
michael:  sometimes i will just stand here and watch television for hours. i love it, i love this tv. oh and i also built this table
jim:  what is that chestnut
michael:  no, i think that is either pine, or nordic cherry
jan:  its pine
jim:  michael, im just terrible at all this stuff, so thats really cool
jan:  really
pam:  yeah, he tried to set up my tivo for me but then i didnt have audio for a week
michael:  if you ever need any help, i am just a phone call away
jan:  i bet you are
jim:  well, i saw – oh your dundies. im surprised theyre not out on the coffee table for everybody to see
jan:  it was between the neon beer sign and the dundies so i said “honey keep the trophies.
michael:  oh honey, i have the best trophy right here, aside from my dundies
jan:   oh, excuse us just a second
michael:  ill get it
jan:   so glad youre finally able to be here
angela:   no, no
michael:  okay
andy:  tuna! whats up tuna, we having tuna for dinner?  i bet youre sick of tuna right? you probably have tuna every night. tuna!  these are for you.
jan:  oh, how thoughtful
michael:  very nice
andy:  except for one flower, which is for… my flower
jan:  aw
angela:  what am i supposed to do with this
jan:  how bout we do the short tour and then ill start dinner
pam:  oh i can help starting dinner if you need it
jan:  oh no no no, its just the osso buco needs to braise for about three hours, everything else is done
pam:  three hours from now or three hours from earlier like 4:00
jan:  you know pam, in spain they often dont start eating until midnight
michael:  when in rome
jan:  do you have a preference, upstairs first
michael:  whatever you say babe
jan:  follow me
michael:  all right
michael:  how bout a toast. shall i? heres to good friends
all:  cheers
michael:  kinda sorta an oaky afterbirth
jim:  what was that
jan:  so music, should we turn some music
michael:  yeah that sounds good
jan:  do you guys remember my old assistant hunter? he is an excellent songwriter
hunter’s cd:  you took me by the hand, made me a man, that one night, you made everything all right, so raw, so right, all night, all right, oh yeah, oh yeah, so raw, so right, all night, all right, oh yeah
michael:  you know what, hunter was a terrible assistant, that is why ryan fired him
jan:  well i think hes probably just about as reliable as pam being that it usually takes you an afternoon to get back to me
angela:  sometimes i think she holds on to faxes
pam:   i dont care what they say, i just want to eat. which i realize is a lot to ask for… at a dinner party
andy:   no its a… hump. theres a hump
jan:  joe camel
andy:  okay yes, first name of that animal and the second name is the state where helena is the capital
pam:  montana
jan:  oh
pam:  joe montana
andy:  yes! yes
pam:  why didnt you just say 49ers quarterback
michael:  all right,  my my my my turn, my my my my turn, my my my my turn
jan:  babe can you just like really, woah, could you just simmer down
michae:  what, no, im just making people laugh
jan:  no
michael:  yes, i was watching jims face
jan:  i was watching jim
michael:  and he was laughing
jan:  no smiling
michael:  look at him, hes laughing
jim:  michael and jan seem to be playing their own separate game and its called ‘lets see how uncomfortable we can make our guests and theyre both winning. so im going to make a run for it.
jim:  youll never guess, i just got a message from my landlord apparently, my apartment flooded, something with a sprinkler. pam, we should probably get going and see the damage
pam:  oh okay
michael:  well you dont need two of you to do that
jim:  thats true. um… dinner sounded delicious. pam ill see you at home, thank you so much
pam:  oh jim, i dont think youre going to abandon this party here all by itself.
jim:  i dont know because i everything i own is there
pam:  you can buy new stuff but you cant buy a new party
michael:  thats true, thats a great point. come on down here. sit down on that couch and be amongst friends and we are not going to think about all your stuff being destroyed, all right
andy:  michael, youre up
michael:  all right here we go, this is going to be fun, ready. all right first name is tom
jan:  no no no, no names, no names,no rhyming, no soundalikes
michael:  all right, okay, okay, youre getting inside my head. first name is blank and he goes on a cruise, he goes on a caribbean cruise
angela:  i dont know
jim:  katie holmes
michael:  no, baah! but hes married to her
jim:  oh, dawsons creek
michael:  no! it has to be a real person jim, come on. okay, no no, im gonna pass, im gonna pass. okay, rhymes with parnold schporzenegger
jan:  no rhyming
jim:  not really a rhyme
angela:  another clue, another clue
michael:  okay, he is the governor of california, he is the terminator
angela:  those arent helpful
jim:  tom cruise
michael:  no
andy:  time
michael:  god, does anybody read the paper?
pam:   oh, thank you
michael:  youre welcome
jan:   im so, so sorry for the temperature in here.the um, sliding glass door shattered. its actually a really cute story. do you wanna tell it babe or should i tell it
michael:  i dont like that story babe
jan:  come on, its a cute story, michael ran through the sliding glass doors because he thought he heard the ice cream truck
michael:  stop, stop it! i mean, i like ice cream. okay? sue me. oh, no, dont. i shouldnt say that jokingly because she will sue me. she loves to sue, loves lawsuits. you know honey, that door was extremely clean and it looked invisible
jan:  you are so right, youre so right because before i lived here, the glass was always covered in smudges, and then i moved in and i cleaned it so i guess that makes me the devil
michael:  ha ha, you are! she is! she is the devil! im in hell! aaahhh im burning, help me
angela:  you shouldnt joke about that
pam:  is there more wine in the kitchen
jan:  i will get it, i will get it, what kind of hostess would i be if i didnt get. its okay, i dont mind. in fact you know what, girls trip, angela come on. girls trip
jan:   uh, not even close
angela:  so you keep a very tidy house
jan:  you should see our bathroom after michael takes a bath, whew. but i dont have to tell you pam
pam:  no, yeah. what
jan:  oh well dont tell me that hes really changed since you guys dated
pam:  oh, are you joking
jan:  well, michael told me a little bit about it, but i see the way you look at him
pam:  i have never, ever dated, or wanted to do anything resembling dating michael, ever. not ever, not now, not then, not now, not ever, ever
angela:  ive noticed how you look at him at the office
jan:  mmhmm
michael:   so i spend most of my time right here. have a hand . so jim i noticed you checking out jans candles
jim:  oh no she just put it in front of my face
michael:  yeah, did you know that candles are the number one fastest-growing product in the scent aroma market? $2 billion dollar a year industry. and for only $10,000, you could become a co-owner of “serenity by jan” what do you think about that
andy:  thought about it, im in
jim:  im sorry, are you really trying to get us to invest in jans company
michael:  im sorry.  what now
jan:  coming!
dwight:  hello
jan:  what are you doing here
dwight:  we came here to eat dinner and to party, this is a dinner party right
pam:   awesome
jan:  what is he doing here
angela:  yes, what are you doing here
michael:  dwight is my friend
woman:  we werent invited
michael:  you said that i could not invite dwight because he was not part of a couple, and because we didnt have enough wine glasses. dwight brought glasses and a person
jan:  fine, whatever you want, just like always, whatever you want
michael:  whatever i want? its never whatever i want. when i wanted to see stomp, and you wanted to see wicked, what did we see
jan:  we saw wicked
michael:  when i said that i wanted to have kids, and you said, you wanted me to have a vasectomy, what did i do? and then when you said that you might want to have kids and i wasnt so sure, who had the vasectomy reversed? and then when you said you defintely didnt want to have kids, who had it reversed back? snip snap! snip snap! snip snap! i did. you have no idea the physical toll, that three vasectomies have on a person. and i bought this condo to fill with children
jan:  i am so sorry that i dont want to bring kids into this screwed-up world, okay?but look if you want to have kids, then fine you win. lets have a ing kid
michael:  do you mean it? you want to have a kid?
jan:  i hate my life
dwight:  so can we come in
dwight:  hmmm… mmm… great turkey leg
jan:   im just gonna check on dinner.
dwight:  angela, would you like some of my beet salad
angela:  i hate beet salad
woman:  its actually really good
dwight:  hey hey hey hey.  i know you love beet salad. ive seen you eat it many times
angela:  the thought of popping one of your beets into my mouth makes me want to vomit
michael:   pam… i hope she didnt do anything to the food
pam:   like… like what
michael:  i cant prove it but i think she might be trying to poison me.  hey, looks great babe
andy:  yeah it does
pam:  i know jan didnt poison the food. i know that. but if she was going to poison the food of someone at that table wouldnt it be me? michaels former lover
jan:   can you not do that? its disgusting
michael:  you know i have soft teeth, how can you say that
jan:  oops
michael:  excuse me for a second.
jim:   so… how do you guys know each other
woman:  i was his babysitter
pam:  and now you guys are dating
dwight:  purely carnal and thats all you need to know
jim:  would you write down your e-mail because i have just so many questions
woman:  e-mail
jim:  nevermind
michael:  ok… alright… here we go.  there.  oooookay
jim:  thats nice
michael:  everybody enjoying their meal
jan:  hey babe
michael:  yeah
jan:  how about we take the beer sign down until our guests leave and then we can discuss it
michael:  no. no. im gonna leave it up. i think it ties the whole room together
jan:  ok.
michael:   jan thinks hunter is very talented. you know what? i dont think hes that good
jan:  at least hes an artist
michael:  bfd. im a screenwriter
jan:   and im a candlemaker but you dont hear me bragging about it
michael:  no all you do is you get me to try to work on my rich friends
jan:  for an investment opportunity
michael:  man! i would love to burn your candles
jan:  you burn it. you buy it
michael:  oh good. ill be your first customer
jan: and youre hardly my first
michael:   thats what she said!  that is a 200 dollar plasma screen tv you just killed! good luck paying me back on your zero dollars a year salary plus benefits, babe!
woman:  im gonna get going
dwight:  fine. get outta here
jim:  its getting late
michael:  you know what guys, shell be out of the bathroom soon
jim:   of cours
dwight:  get out of my way, ill take care of this. ok. uhhh what seems to be the problem officers
officer 1:  not now dwight, we got a call about a disturbance
michael:  nope. nope. nothing disturbing here. just a couple of friends having an awesome dinner party
officer 2:  the neighbors said they heard some shouting
michael:  oh… yes. there was some screaming but… um… my girlfriend… threw a dundie at my tv. plasma
officer 1:  you wanna press charges
michael:  would she get into trouble
officer:  yes.shed be charged
michael:  i will take the fall. i did it
officer 2:  you know you dont have to press charges, you could just try to be more quiet
jan:   michael!  michael. what are you doing to him
officer 1:  sir, do you have any other place you can stay? maybe with one of your friends here
dwight:   michael can come home with me
michael:  jim? pam
jim:  oh… my apartments on fir
pam:   flooded
jim:  flooded
dwight:  you people.  come on. youre sleeping with me.
michael:  no
dwight:  im gonna take you home michael
michael:  nope
dwight:  alright.
jan:  bye babe
pam:   this is the best burger ive ever had, babe
jim:  you know, babe, i should have told you but… i did something bad
pam:  hmm
jim:   i stole this.  for you babe
pam:   one night
michael:  my ideals at a party? easy. jim. pam. ryan. the mayor. barack obama. shiloh jolie-pitt. because at the end of the night, brad or angelina would have to come and pick him up and i would get to meet them. shia la beef because of disturbia. umm, all of the children of the world. val kilmer. but he probably wouldnt come, too famous. obviously george clooney. umm… and jan definitely, if there was room.
dwight:  ill tell you about my ideal dinner party. john wilkes booth. lee harvey oswald. osama bin laden. john wayne gacy. jeffrey lionel dahmer. “oh hey guys, welcome to my home. oh, here comes the waiter with the soup, hope you guys are hungry.” meanwhile, the waiter suddenly nods at me.  but i dont acknowledge him. but i know hes an assassin because i trained him. boom. two minutes later, five dead psychopaths at my dining room table. all thats left to do is dispose of the bodies and collect the reward. ugh, its almost too easy
jan:  a little amuse-bouche, anyone
pam:   food
jan:  okay, trivia!does anyone know what that means
andy:  i believe it means mouth pleaser
jan:  oh
andy:  its french.i studied some french during my semester at sea.or, shall i say a semester at la mer, which is french for ‘sea
angela:  andy, was that coordinated by the cornell study abroad office
andy:  mm-hmm, mm-hmm
angela:  the reason i ask is that andy went to cornell
jan:   ahh, did you wash your hands, babe
michael:  yes, i did, for you, princess.even though i only went number one.  i didnt really wash my hands.ohhh, what have we here?this looks delicious.
pam:   not with your hands
michael:   they need to be presented… royally… anyone
andy:  mmm.
michael:  good stuff.all right.lets get down to some wine drinking.
pam:  oh, my god,  i thought i was gonna pass out
jim:  we should probably get back
pam:  mmm-mm.im probably just gonna stay here for a while, say i got lost
jan:  are you eating
pam:  it was just a little
jim:  i didnt have anything, jan
jan:  really, pam.this is a dinner party. 
jim:  im sorry.she scares me.
dwight: michaels dinner party is for couples only, which is why i wasnt initially invited.but that was then.i very recently entered into a serious, monogamous relationship. if that idiot ever gets here.
jan: so, this girl that i basically grew up with becomes miss west virginia, and then suddenly, all the boys start paying attention to me.and it was funny because, you know, i never even considered myself beautiful until people started pointing it out to me.you know, “jan, wow, you are so much more beautiful than miss west virginia.”ah, so that is why i uh… wait, pam, what was your, what was your question?
pam: where did you grow up
michael: its been a rough couple of weeks
jan: well, i just got into a little trouble with the neighbors
michael: little trouble.yes.well, jan fell asleep during her neighborhood watch shift
pam: wow, you did neighborhood watch
michael:  yes
jan: i did, and i had a very late shift and i had a little bit of wine and i fell asleep
michael: so shes passed out, and some kids spray-paint a swear word on the neighbors dog…
jan: yeah
michael: and the neighbors blamed jan
jan: yeah.but, you know, it was my fault
michael: its like, you know, the dog shouldnt have been outside in the first place.anyway, its a tragedy, really, because the paint is not gonna come off the dog until it sheds
jan:  mm-hmm
michael: so
jan: yeah
michael: well.
jan: it was me
jim: whats that
jan: i spray-painted that dog.it was sleek, and shiny, and perfect little haircut, it was parading around like it was gods gift to this god-forsaken town  and i just couldnt take it anymore, so i went over there and i held down my knee and i just spray-painted it until i was good and done. it bit me on the arm,  i didnt even feel it.
jan: what are you doing to him?what…  is this about that stupid, ugly mutt
neighbor: shes a weimaraner, you bitch
jan: please, please.dont hurt him, okay
