michael:  
jim:  this morning the phone guy comes in, and he shows michael that the phones have a pa function. and then he just left
michael:   this is your captain speaking, the office will be flying at an altitude of two stories. look out your left hand window and you will see vance refrigeration.  i am the ghost of salesman past, do not come near me.  yes michael scott for dr. jocelyn, please. hello doctor i was just following up on my mole again. no, i was looking online about sebaceous cysts. i have not been squeezing it
jim: 
michael:  could i stick it with a pin
pam:  ugh
michael:   toby flenderson to the principals office. your mother called, and it appears that you wet the bed again. so you have to get home to wash your sheets  because they are yellow and theyre wet with your urine
jim: 
michael:  you, and at six foot six, from the university of north carolina, jiiiiim halpeeeeert
jim:  thats pretty funny. hey you know what? did i drop my, uh
michael:  what
jim:  what the heck? is that, uh…
michael:  you find it
jim:  i didnt, ill look somewhere else
michael:  all right
jim:  all right
michael:  would you like fries with that? please drive around.
michael:   hello, good morning
pam:  good morning
michael:  you ready? and were off, like a herd of turtles.
michael:  well, pam and i have eloped. actually we just robbed a bank, and we are on the lam.  no, uh,seriously, i am on a lecture circuit. apparently scranton has the best sales of any regional branch. so david wallace has asked me to go to all the branches, except nashua, still a little bit raw there. um, but i am going to these branches and sharing my secret recipe for success. my 11 business herbs and spices, in a sales batter.  oh that, well, that is pam. pam is coming along as my assistant and my driver so i can focus. and i like to pack heavy
pam:  he brought a sled
michael:  no! that is a toboggan, you never know when youre gonna find a snowy hill so… every magician has a hot assistant, and every rock star has a roadie, and pam is my hot roadie
pam:  yeah. i love being on the road, but i especially love the time and a half pay 24 hours a day, for three days. cause i have a mortgage now, got a bring home the bucks
michael:  yeah, oh dont say bucks, its not lady like. here we go!  okay so what we do is drive all day and we stay in hotels together at night
pam:  separate rooms
michael:  well that goes without saying
pam:  im going to say it anyway
michael:  hey! look at what youre wearing again, pam. have you ever seen a magicians assistant?thats
pam:  this is a new cardigan
michael: …kind of  maybe you could tie it around your waist or lose the shirt underneath or something
pam:  no
michael:  no. oh, all right.
jim:   hey, kelly
kelly:  screw you
dwight:  excuse me, that is no way to address a superior
kelly:  oh yeah? screw you too
jim:  whoa! what was that all about
phyllis:  you forgot her birthday, it was yesterday.
jim:   go ahead
dwight:  go ahead, you do it
jim:  okay
dwight:  i insist
jim:  basically after phyllis blackmailed angela, michael asked them to both step down from the party planning committee cause there was too much drama
dwight:  what he said was…
jim:   just, easy
dwight:  …there was a problem with having one head of the party planning committee. she becomes too powerful, so he appointed two heads
jim:  party planning is literally the stupidest thing i have ever done in my life
dwight:   i am a paper salesman, this is humiliating.  thats on my side
jim:  so this is fun.
kelly:  my birthday was yesterday, and everybody forgot. i got really dressed up andexcited, and no one said a word. there wasnt even a party. i think sometimes people are really mean to the hot, popular girl.
pam:  can i turn on the radio
michael:  no. i need silence or sam kinison to prepare
pam:  but then you fall asleep and theres nothing for me to do
michael:  then listen to your ipod, pam
pam:  thats dangerous
michael:  well then… hey you know what then lets just talk
pam:  thats okay i can… im fine. ill just play a song in my head
michael:  you nervous about seeing karen again, since she was the other woman? actually you were the other woman so
pam:  no, that was a long time ago
michael:  is that why your wearing makeup today
pam:  no, im not even wearing that much.
pam:  i hate the idea that someone out there hates me. i even hate thinking that al-qaeda hates me. i think if they got to know me, they wouldnt hate me. but karen knows me, and she still hates me, so…
julia:  oh, this is a nice office
stanley:   you dont have to lie. through here
andy:  um phyllis, whos that
phyllis:  shes out of your league andy
andy:  for your information, i have been with lots of beautiful women
phyllis:  sexually
andy:  this conversation is over.
andy:  i am single now. what we have here, is the ultimate smackdown between the nard-dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression. i intend to win.
jim:  we just wanted to say we are very sorry
kelly:  screw you guys. youre dead to me
dwight:  if you say screw you one more time
kelly:  yeah, screw you, beefer, i dont forget your birthday, i would never do that
dwight:  hey, hey
jim:   guys guys guys guys guys guys. we just want to make it up to you. what can we do
kelly:  i guess my only wish, would be that nothing so terrible would ever happen to anyone else ever again
dwight:  oh god
jim:  okay
kelly:  in a way, its good that it happened to me, because at least i can bear it
dwight:  what kind of cake do you want imbecile
kelly:  ice cream.
pam:   okay, uh, point at the dunder mifflin.
michael:  hello, rolando, how are you
rolando:  hi
michael:  rolando,  id like you to meet pam. she is our receptionist. you know what? maybe you guys could go out on a little friend date sometime
rolando:   uh, your late, everyones already in the conference room. karen will be right here to take you over
michael:  okay, dont be nervous, just picture her naked
pam:  stop it, please
michael:  thats what i do, steal my trick
pam:  please cut it out
karen:  hey. hi, guys.
michael:   oh my god. is that jims
karen:  what
pam:  michael
karen:  of course not
michael:  okay. wow. oh man! my head just exploded. whoo! thank god, for everybody right? whoo kay. wow, youre huge! thats incredible! i… god sorry, sorry my head is… im just, im trying to figure out the last time that you and jim had sex, and
karen:  lets just get this over with, shall we
michael:  okay, mm hmm. ten, ten months?
jim:   are you kidding
dwight:  well, im not done yet
jim:  dwight. this,  fits in the palm of my hand. you havent blown em up enough. why have you chosen brown and gray balloons
dwight:  they match the carpe
jim:  what is that?  it is your birthday period
dwight:  its a statement of fact
jim:  not even an exclamation point
dwight:  this is more professional. its not like she discovered a cure for cancer
jim:  i cant believe how bad this looks
dwight:  are you trying to hurt my feeling? because if so, you are succeeding. fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal mans
jim:  okay, good then
dwight:  have you collected the money from everyone
jim:  i am working on it
dwight:  how much do you have
jim:  six dollars
dwight:   thats how much you and i contributed! i… damn it jim
jim:  i said i was working on it
dwight:  
andy:   trying to see what cds she got. its good to know the deets about the girl youre wooing. eh, aha! fiest. yes!  whoa! aah, aah! 
michael:   no! oh, my god. oh, no. that is so awful. that is the worst news. i have to go. i have to do a presentation. ill talk to you…  this is going to be hard for me to speak today. because i just learned that my father has died. … no, he didnt! he is alive. and this isnt even a cell phone. this is a calculator. but you bought it! and now you cant return it. or can you? no you cant.  yes. karen, do you need to go pump
karen:  not gonna have to do that, till after i have the baby. no, i am wondering. what are you talking about
michael:  i am talking about, how you all need to sell an experience. like i sold you on the idea that my father had died
karen:  but now we think youre a liar
michael:  would a liar bring mini mounds bars? 
michael:  i am a theatrical person. growing up, i always thought i would become an actor. because i have, these memorization tricks that i use. um, for instance, i learned the pledge of allegiance by setting it to the tune of old macdonald.  i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god. with a woof-woof here, and a woof-woof there. here a woof, there a woof. everywhere a woof, woof. um, you get it.
michael:  i dont know you. but i need to know you in order to sell to you. that is why i have asked you to go around and tell me you names. i have an amazing mnemonic device, by which i have memorized all of your names. shirty, mole, lazy eye, mexico, baldy, sugar boobs, black woman. i have taken a unique part of who you are, and i have used that to memorize your name. baldy, your head is bald. it is hairless. it is shiny, it is reflective like a mirror. “m” your name is mark
mark:  yes
michael:  got it. it works
karen:  uh, its very insulting
michael:  but it works. i would like you all to give this a shot. what do you say
mark:  but we already know each others names
michael:  well, then it will be easier for you. but i, i still think its worthwhile, to give a, give it a try
karen:  okay. all right everyone, meetings over
michael:  oh, i still have more
karen:  can i please see you in my office, please
michael:  she is pregnant. she is knocked up. “k” karen. pam, lets go.
julia:  i cant accept these prices, stanley. they just cut our budget
andy:  brought you guys some coffees. stanley, i know you have adult onset diabetes. so i put splenda in yours. lets see. how many did i put in there?  one, two, three, four splendas in your coffee, stanley. none in yours, julia, cause i dont know how you take it. but if youd rather
stanley:  four splenda. are you crazy
andy:  well, no, i actually only put in two. but thats not how the songs goes.
stanley:  are you out of your damn mind
andy:  are you out of your damn mind? you bring an angel like that into this office, and you dont even set me up with her
stanley:  were not friends. i didnt think about it
andy:  we are friends. stanley, were friends. and you let me down
stanley:  you really like her, huh
andy:  yeah. i really like her with all my heart
stanley:   give me two clients for her.
michael:  i grab this , and i turn it on and i say, “prepare yourself, for the utica chain store massacre.
karen:  no thats, that is incredibly dangerous
michael:  no, dont worry, the chain is off
pam:  no its not
karen:  you know, i think im just gonna distill all this, and send it in an email to my team
michael:  emails not scary. this is an opportunity. dont, dont blow it
pam:  so when are you due
karen:  uh, in about a month
pam:  wow, that is wonderful, congratulations
karen:  thank you. it just all happened so fast
michael:  its really amazing. congratulations karen. so is there a guy or, uh, a person. or, uh, a sperm machine that did this to you, or
karen:  yes, michael. my husband impregnated me
michael:  oh, great
karen:  his name is dan, uh, this is us. so dorky
pam:  oh, hes cute
karen:  yeah, hes so cute. hes a dermatologist. we met a bar. can you believe that
pam:  what is happening there?
karen:  oh, yeah. dont even. thats really dorky
pam:  its really sweet
michael:  no, its really dorky. you were right the first time
karen:  so, how are things in scranton? hows jim
pam:  uh, theyre good. uh, jims good. were engaged
karen:  thats so great. thats great
pam:  thank you
karen:  oh, my god. im so happy for you.
michael:  old hatreds dissolve into new friendships. its a really wonderful moment.
stanley:  i have to take care of a couple things. so andy will be taking over things here. youre in good hands, and give my best to your mother
andy:  so julia, um, lets see. with regards to, uh, billing. should we send bills to you, or to your boyfriends house or
julia:  no, it could go straight to our business address
andy:  oh okay, all right. that makes sense. how does your boyfriend, deal with your phenomenal success? is he just, like, totally threatened by you, or
julia:  actually, i, i dont have a boyfriend
andy:   really? is that… wow, thats so weird.
andy:  guys, stop everything. im about to ask out this girl, and im completely panicking
oscar:   oh, my desk is over…
creed:  this gal, shes really into you
andy:  yeah. yeah. i mean, ive seen her, like, three times today. and we love all the same music, and whenever i walk into a room, she totally looks up
creed:  all right, all right. say no more. so, this is how i got squeaky fromme. no small talk. just show her whos the boss. just go right in and kiss her
andy:  okay, it sounds risky
creed:  have i ever steered you wrong, jim
andy:  wait, what?
michael:  i would give that lecture a solid b+. although, for the record, karen. wow, kind of mean
pam:  i like her
michael:  really? no, honestly. tell me what you really think
pam:  im serious. um, im really glad i came
michael:  why
pam:  because, um, cause ill never wonder ever again. if i did something wrong and… now i have closure. shes happy and, i dont know, it feels good.
julia:  thanks for walking me out
andy:  oh, my pleasure. yeah, theres all kinds of weirdos out here, so
julia:  you must be freezing
andy:  i am about to die.  will you wait here while i go get my jacket
julia:  oh, no, its okay. this is my car
andy:  okay, okay. well listen, youre a new client, and as one of my new clients, you will always be taken care of. and that is the nard-dog guarantee
julia:  whats a “nard-dog”
andy:   this is the nard-dog
julia:   whoa. what the hell
andy:  oh, im sorry. im sorry. oh i, i thought we had this energy. and im a mess. and i just had my heart broken. and you came in today and your so pretty. youre, like, incredibly pretty
julia:  i just got out of a relationship too. its really hard
andy:  yeah, right? wow. yeah. do you want to talk about it? go to a mall of something? just walk around
julia:  no, i, i dont think so
andy:  sure, yeah thats… your right. its too soon for… definitely too soon for me. so im glad we go that out of the way. im gonna be in touch with you. in three months. im gonna call you about that order. and maybe about that mall walk
julia:   okay
andy:  take care julia
julia:  thank you
andy:   sorry i tried to kiss y…
andy:  we lost the account.
dwight:   damn it!  dwight schrute
jim:   how olds kelly
dwight:  who is this
jim:  its mose. who do you think it is
dwight:  mose doesnt know how to use a phone. so jokes on you
jim:  look, im at the supermarket, and they only have numbered candles. how old is she
dwight:  uh, 24. 37
jim:  do you think im calling you for your best approximation
dwight:   ill call you back. 
dwight:  i have here kelly kapoors personal and confidental file. allow me to share. “kelly kapoor spent april 1995 to december 1996 at berks county youth center.” juvie. “according to past employers, it in no way affects her job perfor…”blah, blah, blah. 
pam:  are you asleep
michael:  no.im just thinking about what you said, about karen, about closure. you remember holly? she used to work for h.r.
pam:  no, remind me
michael:  blonde hair, nice boobs. not too big, not too small
pam:  perfect boobs,  of course i remember holly
michael:  she was the love of my life. what you and jim have times 100. just she… she just left. and i didnt… i never got closure, you know? i never got closure with her. i havent talked to her since. i havent seen her since. and i feel like i need to go to nashua and get closure. i feel like i need that
pam:  okay, lets go
michael:   ill just blow off the lecture at rochester
pam:  yeah, screw em. lets do this
michael:   okay.
jim:   so i am collecting $3 from everybody. for kellys party
creed:  id like to contribute
jim:  oh, great
creed:   there you go
jim:  
