phone salesman:  hi
pam:  good morning, can i help you
phone salesman:  yes, im from techstar about a new phone system for you.i was wondering if i could talk to michael scott
pam:  im sorry, hes not in right now
phone salesman:  really? hes never around when i come by
pam:  shoot.
pam:  they have new phone systems now that can ring directly to a salesman, or someone presses star and they go to accounting, basically 95% of my job.but id like to see a machine that puts out candy for everyone.  vending machine.
phone salesman:  how about i make an appointment to come back?that way, i know hell be here
pam:  that is a great idea
phone salesman:  great
pam:   um, oh boy, lets see, hes really
jim:   michael scott, manager.hi, how are ya
pam:  there he is
phone salesman:  oh, hi! great
jim:  nice to meet you, yeah.whew!i can assure you we dont need a new system though.happy with ours
michael:   hello, may i help you
jim:  jimbo
michael:  …jim
jim:  ayyyy
michael:  ayyyy
pam:  ayyyy
michael:  ayyyy
jim:  ayyyy
dwight:   ayyyy
phone salesman:  ok.im, uh, ill be going
michael:   what was that
pam:  that was funny
michael:  that was funny.lets go do it to somebody else.ayyyy!
michael:  oh, look at that.cupids and hearts. really shoving our faces in it this year.you doin ok, bud
kevin:  i miss stacy
michael:  yeah, i hear ya.its been four months since i was with holly, and she was way hotter then stacy.so if you think youre hurting
kevin:  i cant even imagine.
pam:  this is our first and only valentines day as fiances.
jim:  youre only engaged once.well present company excluded, but
pam:  really, jim?on cupids birthday
jim:  yeah.shes fine.
kelly:  so, i received my first valentine from a secret admirer. roses are red, violets are blue, its time for your dental cleaning, and maybe a check-up too.
michael:  oh, wow look at those.how nice for you.up there, front and center, beautiful.i think they would look better right here.theyre very pretty and i wouldnt want them to fall.
michael:  just about everyone in this office is single right now.including me.and everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain.especially me, because of my great capacity for emotion, and it is my first valentines day since holly, so i think that i am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their faces.
michael:  pam, really, theyre back
pam:  i cant see them when theyre on the floo
jim:  theyre for her to look at, michael
michael:  can i have a word with you, jim
jim:  yes, lets have a word
michael:  yes, um, jim.today is a very difficult day for a lot of people in this office
jim:  oh, im sorry
michael:  yeah.and the sexy looks between you and pam, the general sexiness, the flowers, its creating a bit of a hostile work environment
jim:  i understand that.
dwight:  so sexy it becomes hostile
michael:  mm-hmm
jim:  uh, i actually thought we were keeping it pretty low-key
michael:  well, if you guys insist on having your own private little love fest
jim:  we do
michael:  –that none of us can be a part of
pam:  you cant be a part of our relationship, michael
michael:   –then, we, are gonna have our own private valentines day party
jim:  that sounds fun
michael:  so suck it.hey everybody, i just invited jim to suck it, and i am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention, a lonely hearts convention, this afternoon. singles only
dwight:  yeah, deal with it pam
michael:  so we may not have someone in our lives that we love, but we do have each other.
dwight:  having trouble finding a vein
dwight:  how about now? 
dwight:  i train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command.also, i can retract my penis up into itself. 
michael:  i am about to give blood.the gift of everlasting life, the transfer of my bodily fluids, oh wow, thats a big needle, that 
michael:  okay.hello
blood girl:  hi, i cant talk right now.im sorry
michael:  oh, ok
blood girl:  whew, im really nervous
michael:  yeah, me too
blood girl:  yeah, when i get nervous i sort of clam up
michael:  oh, well, thats fine
blood girl:  whew, its better for me just to be quiet, yeah
michael:  yeah, can i point something out to you
blood girl:  sure
michael:  youre actually talking a lot
blood girl:  sorry, its the other thing i do when i get really nervous
michael:  okay, here we go
michael:  oh, god.
michael:  yup, im good, whew.wow, i feel like a human juicebox.  hawaiian blood punch
blood girl:  oh, thats gross
michael:  type o-ocean spray
blood girl:  god, stop.stop it.
phyllis:  hey, why dont you guys come have lunch with bob and me?well take all afternoon.  michael is terrified of bob
pam:  what do you think
jim:  i have a lot of work to do this afternoon.those mines arent gonna sweep themselves
pam:  were in.
michael:  yick
blood girl:  what
michael:  i looked at the bag
blood girl:  ew
michael:  i looked straight at the bag
blood girl:  thats not good
michael:  could you distract me for a second, just talk about things that dont have blood in them
blood girl:  well, ok… bags!  alright, that was bad
michael:  that was mean
blood girl:  um, a hat
michael:  a hat
blood girl:  a hat with no blood in it
michael:  that is full of soup
blood girl:  youre cute
michael:  what
michael:  oh, already
blood girl:  ah, we did it
michael:  whew, wow i was so nervous about this i dont think i ate for three days.
blood girl:  is he ok?
michael:   oh my god, how long was i out
hank:  what
michael:  excuse me, waitress, where did the lady go
michael:  ok.oh, wait a second, wait a second, thats hers.this is hers, she left her glove.i need her name if im gonna return her glove
meredith:   what are you doing
kelly:  decorating
meredith:  ill help. now its just a stupid baby
kelly:  yeah, thanks.
phyllis:  it is so nice to go out with another couple
pam:  anything to get out of that office
phyllis:  i kno
bob:  i honestly dont know how you can work with that jackass, that other jackass, and that new jackass
phyllis:  hes talking about michael, dwight, and andy.
jim:  oh yeah, i understood.
michael:  well here we all are.alone but together.no flowers for us.  relationships, we dont need no stinking relationships.i think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story, and then get past it, just blow through it, yeah? kelly, what about ryan?he treated you pretty terribly, yeah
kelly:  well, his heart was in the right place
michael:  yeah, but now his heart is in thailand along with the rest of his body having random sex. okay, sorry, lets, who else?oscar
oscar:  i dont think so
michael:  come on, im sure theres something you need to get off your chest
oscar:  i cant
michael:  if you wanna just, anything? are you sure?im sure whatever you did it wasnt your fault.ok well, who else?
bob:  everyone here whos bowled a 280 please raise your hand.
jim:  no way, a 280
pam:  wow,thats impressive
phyllis:  okay. now everyone here whos bowled under 70 raise their hand
jim:  yikes
phyllis:  come on, bob.raise your hand.
jim:  no.bob, no. no
pam:  what
bob:  one time. you love bringing up that one time, dont you
phyllis:  yes i do
pam:  jim uses a 6 pound ball.
jim:  that is a lie, that is a lie.
pam:  yes, he bowled 5 frames with this pink sparkly thing until a little girl had to ask for her ball back
jim:  but! that girl mustve had monstrous hands because the holes fit
pam:  no, you just have little dainty fingers
bob:  oh yeah.you can always model ladies jewelry
jim:  nobody asked, bob!
oscar:  do you risk telling him how you feel?do you say something that you can barely admit to yourself
angela:  oh god, what did you do?i mean, not that i approve of any of it but
oscar:  i was stupid, i told him
kevin:  was he in to you in like a gay way
michael:  moron, if he was there wouldnt be a story
oscar:  he told me he wasnt gay.
michael:  really sad
oscar:  im not done yet
michael:  oh my god
kevin:  a week later a friend of mine calls me up, and he says “i just saw him in a gay bar in kansas city.”
michael:  well then its a happy ending, because he was gay. you should call him
angela:  my worst breakup was actually two breakups.two different men. i was in love with both of them and when things went bad they had a duel over me
oscar:  yeah, dwight and andy.we were here
angela:  no, this was years ago when i was living in ohio.john mark and john david
oscar:  angela, you had two sets of different men actually duel over you
angela:  i guess i have.huh
michael:  alright whos next?wheres andy
oscar:  hes on one of his honeymoons
michael:  what
oscar:  he made non-refundable deposits on his honeymoons, so hes just knocking them off one at a time.i think today hes hot air ballooning and later hes got a couples massage
kevin:  my worst breakup was with stacy.it was a sunday morning, we were reading the paper, and i said “oh my god, i think the eagles could clinch the nfc east!” and she said that were done
michael:  you know what guys? i dont think we need to do this
dwight:  youre right.ok everyone,back to work
michael:  no, no, no, no.i mean have this kind of party. i look around and i see all these beautiful people who are alone on valentines, and i think that there are other single people out there too.we just need to find them.theres a girl out there for all of us maybe even in this office park.there has to be a way to get all these lonely people together
dwight:  a net? a giant net
michael:  no.not a giant net
dwight:  what do you have in mind
michael:  i was thinking maybe like a mixer
dwight:  oh god, thats a terrible idea
michael:  old fashioned meet market 
dwight:  no
michael:  — i dont think it is
dwight:  lonely people mixing with one another?breeding? creating an even lonelier generation?ha, youre not allowing natural selection to do its work.pssh.youre like the guy who invented the seat belt.
michael:  these people need love and i am going to get it for themwho cares if we sell a little bit less paper today?a great boss cares more about the happiness of his employees then anything else.i am going to be cupid, and i am going to shoot my sparrow at unsuspecting victims, and they are going to get hit and say “im in love i was hit by cupids sparrow.”funny little bird, but he gets the job done.
michael:  hey
dwight:  hey.no movement
michael:  ah, still early.
dwight:  eh, its not that early
michael:   so how you holding up?
dwight:  im ok.feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side
michael:  no.no, i meant about being single today
dwight:  oh.meh
michael:  meh, exactly.eh
dwight:  eh
michael:  oh, here we go
dwight:  hello
michael:  hello. 
dwight:  dwight k. schrute. why dont you introduce me to your little friend? hi, dwight
michael:  babe alert! hello, im michael scott, welcome to our little shindig
lynn:  oh, hi! im lynn
michael:  lynn, follow me, come on in.for you we have one of our top people kevin malone.kevin, come out here show your beautiful self
kevin:  hello
lynn:  hi
michael:   so run with the ball! run with it, kev. where you from
kevin:  im from here
michael:  yeah, ok.well, he only gets better
kevin:  thank you, michael.
dwight:  i can untie any knot.im serious.name a knot, any knot.go ahead
blonde:  i- i- believe you
dwight:  you shouldnt believe everything you hear.in fact, there are many knots that i cannot untie.so where does a woman as charming as yourself find herself employed on a day such as today
blonde:  um, i work at a place that does catalogs for community colleges and small businesses
dwight:  you must use a lot of paper
blonde:  oh god tons of it .
pam:  whats the rule about eating when people are in the bathroom
jim:  i think if you ordered hot food youre allowed to eat
pam:  oh, damn.  theyve been in there for like ten minutes
jim:  look at that.bob ordered hot food.
pam:  yes.and i think they gave him too many fries.
jim:  we should help him out. 
kevin:  at the circle drive-in they show old movies.its really cool
lynn:  that does sound cool
kevin:  i used to go there with my fiance . before she left me .no, i mean, before i left her .she left me.
kevin:  i think i blew it.it all happened so fast.so… fast.
michael:  so, eric.you mentioned before that you are in tool and dye repair
eric:  i am
michael:  meredith recently had a total hysterectomy, so thats sort of a repair.alright, ill let you guys talk.
michael:  its going very well.people are mixing, a lot of hope.cause thats what you hate to see, when hope gets crushed.  sorry, thought i heard somebody coming in.um, so  its not too late.
dwight:  …and the kind of discounts were talking about are not… hold on – michael, why do you keep looking at the front door
michael:  no reason
dwight:  is somebody after you
oscar:  why do you always go to that?has anyone ever been after anyone in this office
dwight:  hey, it just takes one
michael:  nobodys after me, i just, i met a woman when i was giving blood and i thought she might come by
kelly:  you met a woman when you were giving blood?that is so romantic
michael:  its not a big deal really, i just, you know met somebody, we hardly talked, i picked up her glove so i was hoping i could give it back to her
kelly:  oh my god, that makes it even more romantic.this is like a modern day enchanted, its like a fairy tale
meredith:  she could be your soul mate
dwight:  oh, not likely.3 billion woman on the planet, most of them live in asia so the numbers just dont add up
oscar:  its possible
kelly:  she could be
michael:  believe me its nothing.i hardly even talked to her we just, we were lying there next to each other, i think our blood bags touched
kelly:  aww. 
jim:  here they come.
pam:   what
jim:  no, just kidding.seriously though, thats enough
pam:  well, you should cover it with the broccoli
jim:  oh great, i have to cover
pam:  do you think they dined and dashed
jim:  well they didnt dine so, yeah, maybe they just dashed
pam:  i thought we were having a nice time
jim:  we were
pam:  yeah.
jim:   empty
pam:   mine too.
jim:  oh boy
pam:  my god.
jim:  ok.
girl:  is this the party?
michael:  nah. [everyone groans and girl turns around and walks away.
bob:  ok then
jim:  so
bob:  where were we
phyllis:   bowling
pam:  yep, that, yeah
bob:  you didnt eat much there jimbo
jim:  oh initially i did
bob:  want some meat
phyllis:  oh sure, a little piece.ooh, no mushroom though
bob:  forgot
phyllis:  yeah, thank you. 
kevin:  hey, im sorry we did not have a chance to talk more.i get very nervous talking to pretty girls.seriously, feel how sweaty my hand is.
lynn:  thats really sweaty
kevin:  are you on email
lynn:  oh, yeah.
kevin:  cool. bye
lynn:  bye, kevin.
kevin:  good valentines.
dwight:  so basically, the greater volume you decide to buy in, the greater discount we can give you
blonde:  ok.
dwight:  ok, whats up
blonde:  look, im gonna go
dwight:  oh-oh-oh before you go, id just love to get a firm commitment on this.you know maybe sign
blonde:  look, we already have a paper supplier
dwight:  ok.well, thanks for wasting my time tonight, idiot.god
michael:  hey, you dont deserve her
dwight:  thanks, michael.
michael:  hey, if anybody wants to go
oscar:  we can stay a little longer
michael:  really? oh, thanks
kelly:  michael, its time
michael:  you know what, you guys, you guys can get out im gonna soldier on a little bit
oscar:  come on, well all go
michael:   ok.
michael:  four months ago, i dated a woman named holly and, um, this is actually the first time that ive even considered getting back into that arena again.you know what, sometimes its not about whether cinderella gets her slipper back, but its about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all.theres a lot of princesses out there.you know, they have all different sizes and shapes of feet and hands so i think, i think my odds are pretty good.
stanley:  pardon me, may i have a chocolate chip cookie?i gave blood earlier and im still feeling woozy
stanley:   i, uh-oh i feel so woozy i just  band-aids
phyllis:  damn.
