pam:   yeah, thats no problem. 
michael:  pam?
pam:   sure. uh huh. 
michael:  pam? knock, knock.
pam:  im on the phone.
michael:  i know you are. knock, knock.
pam:   you can fax it over. yeah, 5-7-0-5-5-5-0-1–
michael:   4-9-1-7-4-5-1
pam:  0-1-7-5. thank you. bye, bye.  it really makes us look unprofessional. 
michael:  they would never know it was me doing it. here we go, knock, knock. 
pam:   whos there?
michael:  buddha.
pam:  buddha who?
michael:   buddha this bread for me, wont you? 
pam:  great. 
michael:  i, i need something to wipe my hand. 
pam:  now theres, theres butter on my desk. 
michael:  that was helping. it was classic.
dwight:  i got a knock-knock joke. 
michael:  no… god.
dwight:  ok, michael, please, please, please, please, please let me.
michael:  alright. 
dwight:   knock, knock.
michael:  whos there?
dwight:  kgb.
michael:  kgb – 
dwight:   we will ask the questions!
michael:  what the hell was that? 
dwight:  what are you doing? 
michael:  what are you doing?
dwight:  hey! hey! stop it! stop it!
michael:  you, you like that?
dwight:  cmon. what are you doing? mine was a part of my hilarious joke. 
michael:  mine was retribution. what are you doing? no more knock-knock jokes. thats it. 
jim:  ding dong.
michael:   whos there? 
jim:  kgb.
michael:  dwight, get the door. 
dwight:  im not answering it. 
michael:  answer the door.
jim:  ding dong. 
dwight:  no way, its the kgb. 
jim:  ding dong. 
dwight:  im not answering that. you answer it.
michael:  im not gonna answer it 
dwight:  im not gonna answer it, its the kgb. 
jim:  the kgb will wait for no one! 
dwight:  its true.
pam:   good morning, michael.
michael:  oh, no, no, no, no. i am not michael. i am willy wonkaaaaa. 
pam:  good morning, mr. wonka, here are your messages.
michael:  why thank you very much.  oh, what are those? what are those? tell me, please!
pam:  jelly beans.
michael:  no, no, no. they are not just ordinary jelly beans little girl. these are extraordinary jelly beans!
michael:  the willy wonka golden ticket promotional idea is probably the best idea i have ever had. its probably the best idea anybody has ever had. three days ago, i slipped five pieces of gold paper into random paper shipments. this entitles the customer to ten percent off of their total order. it will be a day for them that is full of whimsy, and full of excitement and full of fantasy.
michael:  ive written these things because it is my responsibility, as manager of this branch, to profiligate great ideas and i think i have done my part with the golden ticket promotion. now it is your turn. i want to hear some great ideas from you that are just as good as mine.  umm hmm.
jim:  we own our own delivery trucks. we could lease them out on the weekends —
michael:  too many words. good ideas are simple. ‘golden ticket.
jim:  ‘free paper.
michael:  no. jim. were a business. post-its. that is a golden ticket idea. nasa took five or six golden ticket ideas to get man on the moon. 
andy:  golden girls. thats a golden ticket idea, right, i mean how great was that show? golden grahams. another, is it — i dont get this… 
michael:  no, you dont. no, it –  what will be the state of this company if i am the only one coming up with the great ideas? right?
kevin:  i think i should call her. 
andy:  no! no! no! 
kevin:  why is it so bad for me to call and ask her to lunch today? 
andy:   youre making it too easy for her. youre just conveying, ‘oh i like you just the way you are.
kevin:  but i do like her just the way she is. 
andy:  well thats not what we agreed on. 
jim:  what are you doing? 
andy:  huh?
jim:   why dont you just go out on a date with her? try to spark up an on going joke and then in a month or two, if it feels right, youll know. 
andy:  no.
pam:  you dont have to wait that long. i mean, you dont have to wait a month to ask her out. just ask her out. 
andy:  youre asking him to give up all of his power. 
jim:  what power?
kevin:  andy, pam, and jim are all telling me how to deal with this girl that i like, lynn. i, i dont like getting advice from more than one person at a time. im a textbook over-thinker.
andy:  you cant let a girl feel good about herself. it will backfire on you. every compliment has to be backhanded. ‘oh i like your dress, but id like it more if you had prettier hair.
pam:  thats psychotic. do guys actually do that? 
jim:  well guys with girlfriends dont.
andy:  thats low, tuna.
jim:   hey, tom. whats that? oh, you found a golden ticket.  one of my clients found a golden ticket.   yup. no, congratulations. 
michael:  woo hoo. 
jim:   ill take that down right now. 
michael:  tell me; was it a spoiled little girl with big lips… 
jim:  im on the phone. 
michael:  …or an odd little boy with a cowboy obsession? 
jim:   hold on one second. 
michael:  invite them on the tour. 
jim:   its actually blue cross from pennsylvania. 
michael:  really? thats kind of a big client.  hey, oscar. woo hoo hoo. um, how much of a hit is ten percent of our blue cross account?
oscar:  ten percent? 
michael:  yeah?
oscar:  theyre our largest client. 
michael:  yeah.
oscar:  its gonna hurt.
jim:   hold on one sec. hold on one sec, tom, whats that? you found five golden tickets? and does it say limit one per customer? nope, it doesnt.
jim:  how do you not spread out the tickets into different shipments? 
michael:  i thought i did. so…
jim:  ok…
michael:  well no harm no foul.
jim:  …well im going to call corporate to make sure that they know i didnt lose half my sales.
michael:  you didnt, but… itll be fine. itll be good.
michael:  hey. hey. hey. you idiot.
darryl:  start over. 
michael:  sir. i placed a bunch of golden tickets into five separate boxes and some how they all ended up with blue cross. how does this happen? 
darryl:  were the boxes near each other?
michael:  irrelevant.
darryl:  i put three pallets on the truck to blue cross once a week. they use a lot of paper. 
michael:  ok, im going to ask you something and i want you to be honest. what is a pallet?
michael:  my golden ticket idea? ok. why would anyone think that this is my golden ticket idea? there is a one in 13 chance that this could be anybodys golden ticket idea.  that… 
pam:  dunder mifflin, this is pam. oh hi ,david.  no, im sorry hes not back from the civil rights rally. ill have him call you the minute he gets back from the lincoln memorial.
pam:  when michaels skirting a phone call, he gave me a list of places to say he is. ‘stopping a fight in the parking lot. ‘ ‘an obama fashion show. ‘ whatever… that is. or ‘trapped in an oil painting. im gonna save that one.
michael:  nobody panic. the good news is… they cant fire all of us, right? 
oscar:  they can.
michael:  no, they cant. 
oscar:  yes, they can. 
michael:  oscar, you dont know what the hell you are talking about.
oscar:  michael, what do you think shutting down a branch is?
michael:  alright, then were screwed. i am just a net that traps all of your crappy subconscious ideas and adds a little bit of my own childhood memories and whimsy, so – 
jim:  so, well i lost a ton of money today and i have a mortgage, so im a little pissed too. 
michael:  thank you, jim is with me.
jim:  absolutely not, im mad at you.
michael:  well you know what jim? it is not my fault that you bought a house to impress pam. that is why carnations exist.
creed:  thats not why.
michael:  ok, we need a gold ticket idea to get us out of this mess.  yes.
pam:  does that mean an idea that blows up in our faces later? 
jim:  good one. 
michael:  ok, dont get that. please? 
stanley:  ive got a golden ticket idea. why dont you skip on up to the roof and jump off?
michael:  that is not constructive.
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. oh hi, david. hes having a colonoscopy. alright, ill find out if hes out yet.
michael:   hello david. i just got back from my procedure, so–
david:   michael, what the hell is going on here?
michael:  how are you doing? 
david:  fine. what is going on? 
michael:   my colonoscopy was an examination of my large colon and the distal part of my small bowel with a camera.
david:  why did you ok this golden ticket idea? were going to lose a fortune, michael. how could you let this happen? 
michael:  well, there is an explanation that involves me not letting it happen and i just dont… i dont know.
david:  how could you not know michael? 
michael:  i think we might have hired an outside marketing consultant. 
david:  might have hi— ok, what firm?
michael:  youre breaking up.
david:  michael? 
michael:  ok, i think, it might have been an inside consultant. 
david:  was it the sales department? 
michael:  yes. 
david:  was it jim? 
michael:  no.
david:  ok, was it dwight? 
michael:   yes.
michael:   come on in. good to see ya, have a seat. i just wanted to congratulate you on that great golden ticket idea.
dwight:  that was your idea. 
michael:  woah, wow, who told you that? 
dwight:  you did. several times. over and over again. 
michael:   no, i dont think i ever did. that was your idea dwight. 
dwight:   you were dressed as willy wonka so… 
michael:  im not taking… im not taking… 
dwight:  wasnt my idea. loved – but i cant. 
michael:  wait a second, wait a second, i wrote it down in my diary.
dwight:  you dont keep a diary.
michael:  yes i do. youve just never seen it.  march 4th. dwight came up with the best idea today about golden tickets. 
dwight:  hold that thought.   march… 4th. michael scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customers ten perfect off for one year. 
michael:  why do you have a diary?
dwight:  to keep secrets from my computer. 
michael:  ok, you know what? you came up with this idea. i remember you told me that you loved the willy wonka movie when you were growing up.
dwight:  impossible.
michael:  yes, you did.
dwight:  i wasnt given candy as a child, so a movie that fetish-ized it that much, would have made no sense to me. plus, we werent allowed to see movies. so… do the math. 
michael:  what are you writing? 
dwight:  had conversation with michael about taking credit for an idea that wasnt mine. discussed movies. 
michael:  would you like to go to lunch with me? just the two of us? 
dwight:  with all my heart.
kevin:  you guys are throwing a lot at me.
jim:  all im saying is that its a first dates, so just keep a respectful distance. 
kevin:  right.
pam:  i dont think jim means to say that you shouldnt touch her.
jim:  no, that is what i mean.
pam:   shush.  kevin, a playful touch on the arm, or on the back, it can show your interest and its really romantic. 
kevin:   like that?
jim:  no, stop it.
andy:  dont touch her. dont talk to her. dont look at her.
andy:   …turn into this black and carbon brick-where this barbeque sauce of shame and rage and two hot people with a perfect relationship would not understand that.
michael:  we think a lot alike. sometimes you will think something and i will say what youre thinking–
dwight:  ok, what am i thinking right now?
michael:  umm, nacho chips.
dwight:  no… how skin is the largest organ of the body. 
michael:  oh, ok. let me just cut to the chase, dwight. i want you to fall on your sword for me.
dwight:  oh, not gonna happen.
dwight:  i did fall on my sword once. i was running with it in my belt. wont happen again.
michael:  why do you even want to stay at dunder mifflin? i mean whats the point? youre cooped up in there all day. you dont get to do your farming. youre not dating angela anymore. it doesnt matter if you get fired for taking credit for the gold ticket idea. it doesnt matter. me on the other hand, i would be lost without this place. you, way too manly.
dwight:  what about shoe la la?
michael:   its not ready yet.
michael:  i have an idea for a fancy mens shoe store called shoe la la. and its just mens shoes for the special occasions in a mans life, like the day that you get married or the day your wife has a baby, or for just lounging around the house.
michael:  may i have your attention please. i have an announcement. mr. dwight schrute and i just returned from a wonderful stroll together and although i probably will never do it again, i had fun. i really had fun with my best friend, dwight. 
oscar:  these arent announcements. 
michael:  yes they are, you just dont care about the information.
dwight:  i love working here and i do not want to leave. 
michael:  he doesnt love it that much. wouldnt be such a bad thing for him to be fired. 
dwight:  well… 
michael:  i mean, like we were talking about that is why he has come to the conclusion… 
dwight:  we discussed the fact that im cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world. 
michael:  right.
dwight:  no plowing my own acres. going around shirtless all day. you know experiencing freedom.
michael:  thats it. thats it. you cant put a price on freedom. 
dwight:  try me.
michael:  thats why you made the decision. thats why you made… 
dwight:  i havent made a decision yet.
michael:  you kind of have. 
dwight:  no. 
michael:  yes.
jim:  you cannot take the fall for him.
dwight:  he said he would do the same for me. 
jim:  he can do the same for you. right now. by getting fired instead of you. so what are you gonna do? 
dwight:  im gonna go back to work. after i write you up for insubordination.
jim:  there it is.
michael:   oh my god. dwight! dwight! get in— whats it gonna be, what are you gonna do?  whats it gonna be? are you gonna do this thing for me? dwight?  hey david, how are you? good to see you. nice surprise. dwight and i were just having a very unfortunate conversation. 
david:  thats too bad. 
michael:  yes it is, but it had to be done, didnt it?
david:  hopefully, nothing that cant be undone because dwight i owe you an apology. the head of blue cross just called. they were so excited about the golden ticket discount that they have decided to make dunder mifflin their exclusive provider of all office supplies. congratulations dwight. 
dwight:  david… youre welcome. 
david:  i just want to say that this golden ticket idea is one of the most brilliant signs of initiative i have ever seen at this company and how about a big round of applause for mr. dwight schrute?  
david:  alright dwight. this is huge.
dwight:  thats what she said! 
michael:  hey, dwight, great idea. dwight, dwight, great idea. howd you come up with that idea? 
dwight:  inspiration.
michael:  really? how did– how are you inspired?how did it pop into your head dwight?
dwight:   you never know when its gonna strike. just… boom. 
michael:  give me the details of how that happened.
jim:  you, you are taking about dwight schrute. the biggest wonka fan i know. i mean, youve been talking about that movie for years.
michael:  what? 
jim:  and you know what? i even made fun of you when you dressed up as willy wonka to pitch this idea and for that i apologize. 
dwight:  apology rejected.
pam:   thanks for much for helping the company, dwight. 
dwight:  oh pam. 
creed:  good work, kid. 
dwight:  thanks old man. 
david:  this, this is great. oh, ok, look i want to get you on the horn with the marketing people in new york. the should meet you. 
dwight:  yeah.
david:  pam, could you set up a call in there in about 15 minutes, please?
pam:  sure. 
michael:  david? david? 
dwight:   ‘cause ive got this idea… 
michael:  david? 
david:  yeah?
michael:  could i be a part of the meeting also?
david:  you probably have too much to do around here. i dont want to uh, take up your time with another meeting. 
jim:  yeah, lets face it. this meeting sounds like its wonka fans only. hes never seen the movie.  
dwight:  alright.
david:   hey guys, i have with me dwight schrute. dwight, take it away. 
dwight:  ok guys, listen up. heres the deal. i love candy. sweet sugary candy from the second it touches my tongue to the moment its metabolized by my stomach acids, so naturally i liked willy wonka. 
man on phone:  wait, do you guys hear that? theres not a dog listening in, is there?  i hear panting.
david:  no. no dogs. 
dwight:  so i love willy wonka. that golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that thats where i cam up with that idea .
michael:  there is no movie called willy wonka. its called willy wonka and the chocolate factory.
pam:  its actually based on a book called charlie and the chocolate factory.
dwight:  pam… 
michael:  i cant… vouch for that. but i do know this. he is a liar. he has taken my idea.
dwight:  that is my idea.
david:   we are gonna call you back guys.  what is going on here?
michael:  ok, heres what happened, david. it was all my idea. you called me and you were really angry at me and i got scared, so i had dwight take the fall, but now, it turns out that its a great idea and dwight will not confess. can you believe that? 
david:  no, no.
dwight:  it is my idea.
michael:  oh how dare you. 
dwight:  it is my idea. im filled with good ideas. thousands of good ideas.
michael:  you are? good ideas, huh? hey, did you come up with toilet buddy? its a net, circular net, that you put inside the toilet to catch all of your change and your wallet from falling into the toilet? formally known as toilet guard? 
dwight:  horse boat. 
michael:  oh please.
dwight:  a canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down. horse boat!
michael:  toilet sponge. its a hollowed out sponge…
dwight:  oh give me a break.
michael:  …that is more absorbent, and softer than toilet paper. i have a lot of toilet ideas. 
dwight:  thats because theyre easy! 
michael:  theyre not easy. everybody has to go to the bathroom. 
dwight:   womens urinals… uh… 
david:   guys, guys. ok, enough. please, enough. what, is this true, dwight? i mean, is this true? 
dwight:  yes, its michaels idea that he forced on me on threat of death. 
michael:  thank you!
david:  what, i dont — what do you want me to do now, michael? what am i supposed to do now? 
michael:  well david, i will be honest with you. i do want the credit without any of the blame.
david:  ok, uhh… i am going back to new york. pam, do me a favor, dont send me those notes. 
pam:  ok.
david:  i am gone.
michael:  when they look back on this day in the history books all that will be remembered is that i had a good idea. and thats what i am going to write down in my diary. that is what i want you to write down in yours. 
dwight:  oh i am. in my own words. 
michael:  i want to see it. 
dwight:  no.
michael:  i want to see it. 
dwight:  no, michael. 
michael:  give me…give me the diary. 
dwight:  no! 
lynn:  hi.
kevin:  lynn, im just gonna say to you everything that i am thinking. 
lynn:  ok.
kevin:  i think you have the best smile. id like to take you out to dinner and a movie. 
lynn:  ok.
kevin:  nice.  boobs. 
andy:  well, its uh, his funeral. so… neh!
dwight:  ding dong. 
jim:  who is it?
dwight:  kgb.
jim:  alright. i just got out of the shower, ill be one second. 
dwight:   when you are done, open the door. … hello in there?
jim:  yeah, im late for work, so i have to brush my teeth, its a whole routine. 
dwight:  we have more houses to visit. 
jim:  if you want to come back then, thatll be fine. 
dwight:  we will come back at… how is  4:45?
jim:  i get back from work around 6.
dwight:  how about 5:15? 
jim:  you can try. that, that might work. 
dwight:  very well, we will come back at 5:15.
jim:  alright.
