dwight:  whats this?
jim:  looks like a red wire.
dwight:  hmm. it wasnt here before. 
jim:  well its a computer dwight, computers have wires. 
dwight:  yours doesnt. 
jim:  doesnt it? 
dwight:  no, its going in a different direction then the other wires. 
jim:  dwight, i am really busy, i cant talk about this anymore. 
phyllis:  dwight, get out of here!
stanley:  what are you doing?
jim:  i got 500 feet of red wire at a flea market up by dunmore high school. 20 bucks for the whole spool. crazy, what a deal.  oh hell be fine. i made it up there.
michael:  what you talking bout, wallace? 
david:  hi michael how are you?
michael:  hi, i am well, how are you?
david:  so listen, as you know, we havent yet filled the regional supervisor job.
michael:  oh, have you not?
david:  correct. and i was wondering if i could get you to do some of the field work that would normally go to the supervisor . there is an area from carbondale to marshbrook, where we have never done any business. 
michael:  yeah.
david:  there is a small company there, prince paper. i cant get a report on it because its not a public company. but we have been talking about going after their market, so i was hoping you could do some fact finding for me.
michael:  okay.
david:  ill fax over some of the things were looking for.
michael:  fax, why dont you just send it over on a dinosaur?
david:  look, this is important, michael.
michael:  oh, well, then, email it to me.
phyllis:  youve got no taste stanley hudson.
stanley:  oh, i do. 
andy:  what are you guys talking about?
stanley:  some actress, whether shes hot.
andy:  who is the gal in question?
phyllis:  hillary swank.
creed:  ah, hillary swank.
kevin:   not at all.
meredith:  shes got mean eyes.
pam:  have you seen her with her bangs?
kevin:  she looks like a monster.
jim:  guys, she is a beautiful movie star, so maybe we should just go to work.
meredith:  she is an amazing actress.
kevin:  that is not the question.
phyllis:  shes not hot.
kevin:  yeah, thank you phyllis.
jim:  okay, okay, okay. why dont we just put this to a vote, and then well be done with it.
angela:  im not voting.
jim:   no one cares. who thinks that hillary swank is hot, raise your hand.  okay, and who thinks hillary swank is not hot, raise your hand. 
kevin:   five. five to five.
jim:  thank you, accounting department.
kevin:  so what do we do now?
dwight:   what if the owner of prince family paper has a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secrets?
michael:  i will seduce her.
dwight:  no, i wanna seduce her.
michael:  no, i will seduce her.
dwight:  please michael, please.
michael:  no, i got it.
dwight:  youll fall in love with her.
michael:  yeah, so what if i did? that would take precedence and i would expect your support.
dwight:  okay, lets go over the plan again.
michael:  alright, i am a local business owner.  i need to buy paper.i find out everything about their prices and policies
dwight:  your fictitious name?
michael:  michael scarn.
dwight:  i am a paper salesman looking for a new job. i find out everything about their expenses and salaries.
michael:  okay.
dwight:  then we meet at the dennys…
michael:   no.
dwight:  …and then we compare notes.
michael:  no, no, i never said dennys. ihop.
dwight:  no! 
dwight:  you know how i feel about ihop.
michael:  oh, dont start, 
dwight:  are you socialist?
michael:  you know what? i dont want to get into this debate again. i enjoy ihop.
dwight:  ill have a cup of a coffee.
michael:  you will have pancakes and youll like it.
dwight:  store only has three employees.
michael:  so what?
dwight:  it means they are not expanding.
michael:  maybe they are shrinking.
dwight:  no.
michael:  they could be shrinking.
dwight:  no because their sign is centered perfectly above their store. no sign of the sign being moved.
michael:  ah ha  yup. 
dwight:   its lunch time, and no sign of anyone coming in or out. which means they are not taking new customers out to lunch.
michael:  mm hmm .
dwight:  which means theyre not acquiring new business. so once again no growth.
michael:  and there are clouds. there are clouds in the sky, which means gonna rain, bad for business.
dwight:  oh, it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus.
michael:  argh, why are you all…
dwight:  get your clouds right.
michael:  shut up.
dwight:  so you go in now, i am going to go in exactly ten minutes. we have never met each other. we are complete strangers. also, we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger. lick ur lips, try it.  no, no like this.  good. 
michael:  ready to do this? 
dwight:  yeah.
michael:  good. here come the sharks. 
michael:  in nature, there is something called a food chain; its where the shark eats a little shark. and the little shark eats a littler shark. and so on and so on. until you get down to the single cell shark. so now replace sharks with paper companies and that is all you need to know about business.
michael:  hello.
michael:  my name is michael scarn. i am a local business owner and i would like to find out about your company.
michael:  thank you.
michael:  we are a law firm.
michael:  you know, i will be honest with you… about something. where we used to live, our paper supplier had a lot of big clients and i just didnt feel like a priority. so i guess my question  for you would be  how many clients do you have?
michael:  really? that many? this doesnt seem like a very big operation.
michael:  ah, so when did you set up shop?
michael:  oh vietnam, i hear its lovely .
andy:  each side will have three minutes to prepare opening arguments. topic: hillary swank is attractive.
entire office:  hot!
kevin:  the debate is whether she is hot.
stanley:  what difference does it make? attractive, beautiful, hot, were talking about the same thing here.
kevin:  huge difference. a painting can be beautiful, but i dont want to bang a painting.
andy:  okay, tmi.
michael:  so, even specialty paper, say 94 brightness double-bonded, you would put that on the same truck as your conventional stock?
michael:  well that is… because… i am a genius.
michael:  yes, well about some things, and other things i am very stupid. like, watch this. is this the cup?  is this the cup?  is this what i drink out of?  laughter is my job, tears are my game, law is my profession. 
dwight:  hello, i would like to apply for a job. 
dwight:  why dont you just get rid of this guy? 
dwight:  im your son now; you can visit him on holidays. dwight schrute, im a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called dunder mifflin.im the top salesman there and im looking for a new challenge. i would say you guys have what, 40 high full volume clients?
michael:  try 80.
dwight:  pshaw, thats nothing. ive 90 clients myself. you had better look out, someone might run you out of business.
dwight:  me too. 
jim:  i think all of us have a tendency to view celebrities as sort of mythical figures, you know? we dont really see them as real so therefore we dont judge them as real people.
kevin:  are you serious? jim, just show us a picture.
oscar:  kevin, cmon.
kelly:  yeah, shut up kevin.
kevin:  hes making all these fancy, uh, its a gut thing.
jim:  kevin, you know what, why dont you close your eyes? imagine that hilary swank comes into this office for real and she walks over to you  and says kevin malone, i just read your online profile and there is nothing i would rather do then make out with you right now. and now you tell me something, is she hot?  does that end the debate? 
kevin:   no, its is she hot, not would you do her. respect the game.
angela:  oh my god.
jim :   this close.
prince:  grandfather: so why are you considering leaving dunder mifflin? 
dwight:  my boss, his insensitivity might border on cruel. this is a man who does not listen to the needs his underlings. 
michael:  hey, hey, how is your interview going?
dwight:  its going very well.
michael:  dont blow it. hey linda, can i get a picture of you?
linda:  you want a picture of me?
michael:  i would, could you just stand over here? that would be great  just a little something to remember the trip by. a little to your left 
linda:  can i get a copy of that?
michael:  whats going on?little homework over here? lets see if i can help. huh, math, thats not so hard. ok. there are 4 of these, ignore the parenthesis, right?
michael:  why is this little 2 so small? its, its weird, you dont, you just go by the x. the x means times. 4 times x 2. what is double 4?
michael:  excellent! way to go! nice! 
kevin:  ladies and gentlemen, even though the penis was fake, i was expecting a second plot twist where we found out hilary swank was a boy.
pam:   kevin!
angela:  ok, i wasnt going to dignify this discussion by getting involved, but i dont even get the discussion, hot is a temperature people. but kevin deserves to lose for what he said, so, yes, shes hot, shes hot as heck, shes a female boris becker.
jim:  oh! 
michael:  oh, well thank you very much for all of your help. its going to be an incredibly hard decision.
michael:  i… okay, okay, okay,  alright, thank you. 
dwight:   excuse me sir, i took the bus here and was wondering if i could catch a ride home with you in your car.
michael:  of course. thank you very much. thanks for your time.
dwight:  thank you very much. 
michael:  i cannot wait to contact your clients.
dwight:  thank you for your time i look forward to getting your calls. 
michael:  haha, we struck the mother load!
dwight:  cmon.
michael:  wallace is going to freak.
dwight:  all their top clients i cant believe it.
michael:  hes going to absolutely freak.
dwight:  someones looking out the window. go go, peel out, go. 
michael:  oh shoot.
dwight:  you drove over that. go back 
michael:  oh god, what was that?
dwight:  thats not good.
kelly:  no, no, no no. shes hot, okay? because if you are saying hillary swank isnt hot, then you are saying that i am not hot. because obviously i am not as hot as hillary swank! 
dwight:  oh my god.
michael:  aw, its alright.
dwight:  oh man, 
michael:  aw, my car. 
dwight:  not good.
dwight:  yeah.
michael:  no no, we are fine. you have done enough already.
dwight:  youve done more then you can possibly know.
michael:  just, shut up. you know we are just going to call a tow truck, so…
michael:  no, no, really not necessary.
dwight:  he drove over the divider and then backed over it and caused the..
pam:  ladies, are we prepared to let the kevins of the world decide anything for us? anything at all? we dont even give him full internet access.
kevin:   wait, what?
oscar:  see that, the obvious symmetry of the face? thats a natural appeal of the scientific standard of coin aphelia, features that are a composite average of many features. yes, she is attractive, but is not hot.
dwight:  how much longer is this going to take?
michael:  you know let me give you some money for this. 
prince son:  no, i work at a desk all day, its nice working with my hands.
michael:  oh coffee, thats too much. 
dwight:  this is disgusting, what is it this, instant?
michael:  thank you.
dwight:  i look forward to hearing from you about that job application.
michael:  ok, goodbye prince family.
dwight:  goodbye prince family,  should be called the sucker family. here you go shark, let me fix your fin for you and sharpen your teeth while im at it.  bye bye.
dwight:  
jim:   im saying, all im saying is kevin is not necessarily a feminist, is all im saying.
pam:  no, because… 
michael:  dwight, what will happen to that family if i call david and give him this information?
dwight:  its simple, david would use that information to destroy them.
michael:  ok. you know, our sales are fine. were doing fine. theyre doing fine. 
dwight:  they could do better.
michael:  why dont we just, live and let live?
dwight:  what? 
michael:  live and let live.
dwight:  im not familiar with that expression,
michael:  its from james bond.
dwight:  it doesnt make sense, of course im alive.
michael:  im not going to make this call.
dwight:  michael, you have to. have you ever seen a lioness devour its cub? have you ever seen a baboon devour its mate?have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel?
michael:  my heart says…
dwight:  your heart is a wonderful thing, michael. but it has made some terrible decisions.
michael:  that is true.
dwight:  yes.
michael:  that is true. we have gone down the wrong path many many times.
dwight:  yeah.
michael:  jan… ryan.
dwight:  yeah, save your heart for love, and use your brain for business, right? if we dont do this to prince paper, someone else will. worse yet, someone else will do it to us.
stanley:  i am trying to be more optimistic in life. ive got what, 20 or 30 years left. and my family history says i have less. now, the old stanley hudson would have found something wrong this actress. but that is no way to live life. look at this healthy sexy pretty strong young woman. cmon people! she is hot.
dwight:  there was a terrible war, ugh, so many died. far too many died. but if frodo hadnt destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have died. 
michael:  youre right.
dwight:  yeah.
michael:  you are right. i will call david and give him the customer list and i will give him all my info.
dwight:  good, so,  where are you going?
michael:  just something i have to do first.
dwight:  where are you taking the client list?
michael:  somewhere safe, where it cant hurt anyone 
dwight:  michael, michael, no. michael, give that. michael, dont do this. no.  
michael:  oh shoot! 
dwight:  freeze, give me the list! 
dwight:  no no no, i cant let you do this!
michael:  those people will be ruined. 
dwight:  its business, not personal. 
michael:  give it, give it. we cant do this to those people. 
dwight:  its over, michael, its over. 
michael:  im not a shark.
andy:  okay, it is time for the final votes. all of those in favor of resolution hillary swank is hot?  okay. and all those opposed? 
kevin:  this is ridiculous. 
oscar:  thats the thing about debating, youre just going to get people more entrenched in the view they had in the first place. 
david:  this is good stuff michael. you are a titan of industry pal.
michael:   mpfh. 
david:  good work.
michael:  thank you.
david:  look ill be in touch, thanks buddy.
michael:  okay, bye bye. 
dwight:  guess whose stock just went up, golden boy?
michael:  i guess this is what they call a bittersweet moment. it is bitter because i slightly destroyed a wonderful little family. but sweet because david wallace thought i did a good job. thats what i hate bittersweet chocolate. i dont even… whats the point of that? why not just sweet? who are you helping?
michael:  oh, hey what is this? 
pam:  hillary swank. 
michael:  oh, she is hot. 
