pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. im sorry, hes not in yet. would you like his voicemail
michael:   yeah! yeah! yeah, okay! twelve miles an hour. eat that, carl lewis!
pam:  angela made several 911 calls about cars going too fast in front of the building, so the police put up a radar gun. its actually caused a bit of a traffic hazard.
dwight:   aah
phyllis:  wow, thirteen
dwight:  yes
michael:  no. no, no. there was wind
dwight:  i was just jogging
michael:  dwight, there was wind. i want a do-over
jim:  no, no, no, its not your turn. all right, thirteen is the new number. oscar, go ahead
michael:  i want another try. here we go!  thirty-one! thirty-one
stanley:  there was a car
michael:  i was ahead of the car. thirty-one is my new number
oscar:  thirty-one is humanly impossible
michael:  go, oscar. thirty-ones my number
oscar:  thats impossible
michael:  beat it!
michael:  todays a big day. my presence has been requested by  chief financial officer, david wallace.  he says that he wants to talk about big picture stuff. and, ill be honest, i have little or no idea what that means, so… probably bad.
pam:  quick announcement: new year, new candy
kevin:  whoo-hoo
pam:  okay, be careful, kevin. theyre kind of spicy
kevin:  hot tamales
pam:  yeah
kevin:  uh oh
pam:  so, maybe just try one at first, and then if its okay, have a couple more
andy:   excuse me, everyone, can i have the floor please? um, this is insanely awkward. its kind of the elephant in the room, so ill just…  no one has rsvped to our wedding yet, and the deadline was yesterday
michael:  wait, you still dont know
jim:   no, no. nope
andy:  hmm
jim:  nothing
michael:  you still dont know
jim:  why dont… lets
michael:   what are you doing
jim:  how about we just… just have to talk to you for a second
michael:  andy
jim:  ahh!
andy:  no, no one has rsvped, and i dont understand it, and now, youre shutting me out. youre not even listening. thats really considerate. thank you
michael:   no, what im saying is
jim:  no, no
michael:  no, thats not it
jim:  i know.
jim:  andy still doesnt know that angelas having an affair with dwight. and its been seventeen days. i mean, eventually hell figure it out, when their kids have giant heads and beet-stained teeth. but right now its just… awkward.
michael:   how can he still not know
jim:  we cant figure that out
michael:  i cant take it anymore
dwight:  wait, what?you cant take what
michael:  i am telling andy
dwight:  no. you cant do that. it shouldnt come from you
michael:  who should it come from, then
everyone:   angela
michael:   are you still having intercourse with her?
oscar:  what is wrong with you? she is engaged
michael:  did you ever have intercourse in this office?
oscar:  are you serious? ugh. where?  where?  where, dwight
dwight:   seems like you already know where.
angela:  kevin, you screwed this form up again. the amount owed goes at the top
kevin:  oh, im sorry. i didnt realize i was doing something wrong. if i had, i wouldve admitted it, and stopped right away
angela:  thats enough
kevin:  because i wouldnt want an innocent person, who doesnt know anything about the form…  what
oscar:  that was good… its just, at the end you werent saying something that could also apply to the form
kevin:  how about, “im sorry i did such a whorish job filling out this form?
oscar:  there you go.
andy:   that cannot be true!  youre going to charge me a fee to cut my own cake? uh, no. no, no, no. what im saying is, i want to cut it myself
dwight:   trade seats with me
jim:  no
dwight:  ive got a better angle on pam. i can see everything
jim:  please stop
dwight:   i need a soup spoon.
dwight:  rule 17: dont turn your back on bears, men you have wronged, or the dominant turkey during mating season. there are forty rules all schrute boys must learn before the age of five.  learn your rules. you better learn your rules. if you dont, youll be eaten in your sleep. 
dwight:  
angela:  what is it
dwight:  youve got to tell andy about us
angela:  that is a terrible idea. one of your worst
dwight:  get it over with. then we dont have to hide anymore
angela:  youre expanding on your worst idea
dwight:  do you love me or not
angela:  ive already admitted that i do. why do you keep making me repeat it
dwight:  because youre engaged to andy
angela:  
michael:  well
dwight:  not yet
jim:  when
andy:  when what?  when what
michael:  you know this cant go on
andy:  what cant go on
michael:  we have to put an end to this
andy:  seems like
michael:  come on.
andy:  you guys should… be hearing what im saying.
jim:  this is really not how this is supposed to happen
dwight:  angela said she was going to tell him. shes just not ready
michael:  when will she be ready
dwight:  i dont know
michael:  is she crazy in bed
dwight:   yes
jim:  stop. what
michael:  how so, specifically
jim:  okay, listen
dwight:  eager
jim:  this shouldnt happen at work
dwight:  and flexible
jim:  and
michael:  really
jim:  this shouldnt be coming from his boss. and we should also consider the fact that that man has an anger issue
michael:  its too late
jim:  well its not too late, because you havent done anything
michael:  i am already walking
dwight:  michael, once this gets out… i dont know how its going to go down
michael:  okay, what does that mean
dwight:  might get ugly
michael:   jim, this has to get out, so we can all deal with it
jim:  but youre leaving
dwight:   have a good trip
michael:  thanks.  andy
andy:  yeah
michael:  walk with me
andy:  will do, boss-man.
michael:  ohh, i do not have much time… cars all the way over there, to tell you what i have to tell you. and just bear in mind when i say… say these things, that… are bad things… that you hear… in your ears… this is something that i, if i were you, that i wouldnt want to hear
andy:  youre not making any sense
michael:  well… no, im not. so i… im not very articulate today, so ill just leave it for another time. another day
andy:  all righty
michael:  which will be fine. i am off
andy:  have a good meeting
michael:  thank you!
andy:   kick wallaces ass
michael:   okay. i will… dwight and angela are having an affair, so
andy:  i cant hear you through the glas
michael:   dwight and angela are having an affair. theyve been sleeping together for some time. that was the news. i wanted to let you know
andy:  what
michael:  all right. see you later.  ahh
andy:  are you serious
michael:  yep. 
meredith:  i knew something bad was gonna happen today
oscar:  you said that yesterday
meredith:  yeah, my neighbor got murdered
jim:   what are you standing for
dwight:  if im sitting, i cant disable his neck or his groin
jim:  youre not going to do anything to his neck or his groin
dwight:  if im sitting, i dont have the option to
jim:  dwight, im in charge when michaels gone, and i need you to sit
andy:   i need to talk to you
angela:  we can talk right here
andy:  i need to talk to you in private
kevin:  were not listening
andy:  lets go to the conference room.
andy:  is it true
angela:  what have you heard
andy:  that youre sleeping with dwight
angela:  that doesnt sound like me
andy:  is it true
angela:  andy, im engaged to you. i mean, we just signed off on our wedding flowers. would i have said yes to formal chrysanthemums if i didnt want to get married? and, we went through all that stuff with our wedding cake
andy:  just answer the question. are you sleeping with dwight
angela:  a little bit
andy:  how long has it been going on
angela:  i dont know. i mean, we were together, and then he killed sprinkles, and then we stopped, and… i dont know exactly when we started up again
andy:  who else knows about it
angela:  michael
andy:  who else
angela:   let me think about it… i, um… there…
andy:  oh god. come on!
david:  so listen, michael, your branch has been doing great lately, and your sales staff is reporting very strong numbers. out-performing last year, in fact. um, and i dont know exactly how to put this, but… what are you doing right
michael:  right what
david:  utica, albany, all the other branches are struggling, but your branch is reporting strong numbers.  look, youre not our most traditional guy, but clearly, something you are doing… is right. and i just, i need to get a sense of what that is
michael:  david, here it is. my philosophy is basically this. and this is something that i live by. and i always have. and i always will. dont ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. no matter… where. or who, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or… or where youve been… ever. for any reason, whatsoever.
michael:  sometimes ill start a sentence, and i dont even know where its going. i just hope i find it along the way. like an improv conversation. an improversation.
michael:  this is going to sound sort of high-maintenance, but could we have it, like, three degrees cooler in here? i always think better when its cooler.
david:  heres the thing. michael is doing something right. and in this economic climate, no method of success can be ignored. its not really time for executives to start getting judgmental now. its hail mary time
michael:   hey, what say we order up some pasta
david:  what say we do.
angela:  standard, you know? nothing fancy
andy:  so like, missionary
angela:  i said nothing fancy
andy:  do you love him
angela:  i love you
andy:  why should i believe that
angela:  andy, we are at a crossroads here. and we can either give in to what people are saying that were not good together
andy:  who says that
angela:  or, we can prove them wrong. lets prove them wrong.
andy:  wheres dwight
jim:  you okay, man
andy:  no. not at all, actually. but thanks for asking. appreciate it. you know what? id also like to take this opportunity to thank all of you for lying. to my face. and not telling me whats been going on this entire time
creed:  you are welcome
andy:   dwight
dwight:  andy
andy:  its over
dwight:  oh good. she broke up with you
andy:  no. its over between you two
dwight:  uh, no way. i am not giving up
andy:  you have to
dwight:  no i dont
andy:   she doesnt love you. shes marrying me
dwight:   well i dont know about that, because she certainly seems to enjoy making lovemaking with me
andy:  angela bernard
dwight:  will never be her name
andy:  it will be her name. and you will have to call her that
dwight:  i dont think so
jim:  hey guys, why dont we, uh, just cool off a bit
andy:  im telling you to back down
dwight:  and im telling you that i will never back down
andy:  then ill make you
dwight:  oh really? how are you gonna do that
andy:  through the use of force
dwight:  that is very general, and does not scare me in the slightest
andy:  i will fight you
jim:  nope
dwight:  okay, fine! good! a duel! the winner gets angela
andy:  fine
dwight:  fine
oscar:  this is nuts
dwight:  what is your weapon
jim:  okay, you know what? thats enough. because
dwight:  hey, this is none of your business
jim:  hey. it is my business when it happens at work
andy:  guess what? not happening at work
dwight:  yes
andy:  were gonna do it outside
dwight:  outside of work
andy:  none of your business
dwight:  none of your business then.  good. so what weapon
andy:  my bare hands
dwight:  that is stupid. i will use a sword and i will cut off your bare hands
andy:  then ill get something too.
meredith:  ive had two men fight over me before. usually its over which one gets to hold the camcorder.
pam:  angela, you have to put a stop to this right now
angela:   i will respect the results of the duel
pam:  of course you will
meredith:  i call loser
andy:  i will be taking my break at 4:00 in the parking lot
dwight:  i will also be talking my break at the exact same time and in the same location
andy:   what a coincidence
dwight:  mm.
jim:  so, i either get more involved, or i take a sick day… leaving dwight in charge. oh god.
jim: 
dwight:   howd that get there
meredith:  theres a star-shaped thing taped under the kitchen table
jim:  thanks meredith.
michael:  so i was in the office, and i look over to our accounting division, and there is kevin malone. kevin is wearing a jacket that ive never seen before. and i call over to kevin, “kevin, is that a tweed jacket?” and he looks at me and he says, “michael, yes it is a tweed jacket.” and i look back at him and i say, “i feel the need!… the need for tweed.
david:  its hard to try and evaluate yourself, michael, but i appreciate you trying.  and thanks for coming in
michael:   oh, thank you
david:  yes
michael:  i have to say, i am so impressed with the potential you see in me
david:  yeah
michael:  okay.
david:   yeah, finish up.
dwight:   come on! where are you? lets do this thing! come on! come on out
angela:   i cant believe theyre gonna fight over me
kelly:  i guess people have fewer choices as they get older
dwight:  come on
meredith:  hey, has anything happened yet
dwight:  where are you
oscar:  mm-mm. its 4:10, i dont think hes gonna show
kevin:  oh come on, man! believe in something
dwight:  come on, coward! where are you? where…  “from the desk of andrew bernard.”  a note. pathetic. “dear dwight, by now you have received my note. how are you? i am well. you are no doubt wondering why i have left this note. it has come to my attention that in any physical match with you, i would surely be bested.” true. “the soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly…” 
kelly:  theres andy, hes in his car. you guys, what is he doing
phyllis:  why isnt dwight turning around
oscar:  the prius is silent if he keeps it under five miles per hour. he deserves the win
creed:  yeah
dwight:   alas, after much consideration and deliberation
pam:  oh my god
stanley:  whats happening
phyllis:  andys running over dwight with his car.
dwight:  whoa! what are you! hey! hey
andy:  yeah
dwight:  come on! ow! ah! aah
andy:  you give up
dwight:  never!  get out and face me like a man
andy:  i am a man! im a bigger man than youll ever be! i would never sleep with another mans fiance
dwight:  youre not a man! you dont know how to take care of her!  all you do is dress fancy and sing.  “la la la la la la la la la la!” what does that mean? you cant even protect her
andy:  protect her from what? bears, you idiot? whens the last time you saw a damn bear in scranton
dwight:  last year, idiot!
jim:  dwight! are your legs broken
dwight:  no. my right ones falling asleep a little bit
jim:  andy, are you all right
andy:  go away, tuna! im winning this
dwight:  yeah, back off. this isnt your fight. oh, how much is this gonna cost?  oh! what? trust fund will take care of that!
andy:  what did you say? im sorry, i couldnt hear you
dwight:  i sa-
andy:  what? you stupid idiot!  youre like, youre like a sasquatch! you live in the woods
dwight:  sasquatches are the strongest animal on the planet! so fine, call me a sasquatch
andy:  i dont get it! how can she be sleeping with you this whole time and only sleep with me twice
dwight:  what
andy:  what
dwight:  shes sleeping with you
andy:  im her fiance
dwight:  she said she was only sleeping with me.
andy:   yes, hi, my last name is bernard, and i would like to cancel a wedding cake that i had ordered. b-e-r, n-a, r-d. yeah, the one shaped like a sailboat… yep, thats the one
dwight: 
andy:  thank you. 
michael:  wow, what a day! haha! i thought i was gong to get chewed out, but, hold on! heres an attaboy for ya! what? rollercoaster ride! rollercoaster! it just goes to show, you leave scranton, exciting things can happen.  ahh!
dwight:  
