dwight:  what is this
jim:  happy holidays, dwight. but do not open it till christmas
dwight:  youre so pathetic.how long did this take you? three hours
jim:  five minutes actually.i am a black belt in gift wrapping
dwight: yeah, no such thing.they dont give out black belts for things that are stupid. well, i hope it was worth it, cause im gonna take it apart in about five minutes
jim:  i think itll take you a little longer than that
dwight:  really? if i can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, i ought to be able to cut my — 
stanley:  eh
phyllis: im sorry.its the largest one i have
stanley:  i will not be the big guy in the tiny hat. 
phyllis:  this is the first christmas party i am throwing as head of the party planning committee.the theme is “nights in morocco”.this isnt your grandmothers christmas party.unless of course shes from morocco, in which case its very accurate.
michael:  hey, phyllis, do i need this invite to get in to the party?
phyllis:  yes
michael:  awesome.i think this is going to be the best christmas party ever.
phyllis:  angela. youre going to move this for the party right? its not on theme
angela:  its the nativity scene
phyllis: alright. you can keep your camel, sheep, elephant and the north african king can stay.everything else goes in the drawer.
angela:  i am not going to judge phyllis for desecrating christmas.there is one person who will though and phyllis just stuffed him into a drawer.
phyllis:  i need you to get rid of the tree
angela:  but
phyllis:  thank you.
phyllis:  oh, i dont think its blackmail.angela just does what i ask her to do so i wont tell everyone that shes cheating on andy with dwight.i think for it to be black mail, it would have to be a formal letter.
jim:  ah. you brought in your doll collection
dwight:  these are not dolls, jim.these are commodities.same as gold or oil.
dwight: every year i do research to determine which toy will be the most popular of the christmas season.this year its a doll. half girl, half unicorn.catchphrase: “my horn can pierce the sky”.pathetic. i bought out every store in the area over the last couple of weeks.and as lazy parents become desperate i will sell them for an enormous profit.isnt that right princess? 
jim:  thats the christmas spirit.
dwight:  i am simply punishing those parents that would wait till the last minute to get their child a gift.and such a genetically improbable one.look at that.how does that happen?king has sex with a unicorn?man with a horn has sex with a royal horse
jim:  yes
michael:  oh, hey, is that princess unicorn?i thought they were all sold out
dwight:  they are now
michael:  cool.  my horn can pierce the sky.
michael:  this is equal parts scotch, absinthe, rum, gin, vermouth, triple sec, and two packs of splenda. call it a one of everything
meredith:   oh… my… god!!! hit me again
michael: alright… one more time around the block.
jim:  i will grant you one wish
pam:  i wish that youd stop rubbing that lamp in that creepy way
jim:  stupid.everyone knows to ask for a hundred more wishes.  dumb
andy:   hey, hey… ange… check it out. theres a place in france where the naked ladies dance.
angela:  really andy? its christmas and your singing about nudity and france
andy:   theres a hole in the wall where the men can see it all.
michael: jim, jim…
jim:  what is it
michael:  that is vodka and i mixed it with orange juice.i call it an orange-vod-juice…ka
jim:  wow, that is delicious
michael:  yeah
jim:  cant believe no ones thought of that
michael:  i know.
meredith:   ahh yeah!!
meredith:   belly dancing!
guy buying doll:  120, 180… 200
dwight:  all right
guy:  thank you so much. my daughter is going to love this
dwight:  oh, so glad i could help
guy:  thanks
dwight:  merry christmas
guy:  you too.
dwight:  fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching.
michael:   oh, so this is what every day would be like if you hadnt left india.
jim:   oh, oh, oh, oh
dwight:  we got a live one!on fire!! 
meredith:  im all right. im all right.
andy:  sorry.
oscar:  were back on the 5th, should we just do it then
michael:  can not do it then. monthly dental appointment, soft teet
oscar:  what about february 2nd
jim:  ah… would you want to do it on groundhogs day
michael:  no, no. i celebrate privately
jim:  thats cool
michael:  why dont we just do it now? well do it quickly
oscar:  now? its our christmas party
michael:  well do it quickly
jim:  well what if we cant do it quickly
michael:   what if we cant do it quickly? what if we cant do it
oscar:  do you know how to do an intervention
michael:  hey, shut up. here we go. everybody gather up.
michael:  an intervention.its sort of hard to describe, but really its– its a coming together… its a surprise party for people who are– who have addictions.and you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves.and then they stop.
phyllis:  it looks like were going to be here for awhile, so why dont you make a little plate of hummus for everyone.little triangles of pita, toasted on both sides, fanned so you can easily can grab them
angela:  i dont
phyllis: and napkins… fanned.
michael:  okay, how do you feel
meredith:  a little better. i threw up
michael:  uck… t.m.i
kevin:  fire girl.  too soon
jim:  yeah
michael: okay, you know what i thought we should do is have a quick intervention and then get back to the party
toby:  michael, we are only allowed to talk about merediths work performance. we can not ask her to stop drinking
michael:  i am not asking her to stop drinking.i am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic
meredith:  im not an alcoholic
michael:  yeah, obviously you are. okay, everybody who thinks that meredith is an alcoholic please raise your hand.
dwight:  aye
michael:  the ayes have it
meredith:  i dont care what everyone thinks.i know i am not an alcoholic.
michael:  alright, well, lets look at this a little bit closer then shall we? 
andy: when i was in college i used to get wicked hammered. my nickname was puke.i would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few peoples empties, some brewskies, some jell-o shots, do some body shots off myself, pass out, wake up the next morning, puke, rally, more soco, head to class.probably would have gotten expelled if i had let it affect my grades, but i aced all my courses.they called me ace.it was totally awesome.got straight bs.they called me buzz.
michael:  meredith, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind
meredith:  sure
michael: do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday
meredith:  obviously
michael:  have you ever under the influence of alcohol questioned the teachings of the mormon church
oscar:  where did you get this
michael:  i got it on a website, thats not important
toby:  michael, we should contact some experts.you dont know what your doing
michael:  okay, you know what toby?one of my employees is undergoing a crisis and i wish for just once you would take my side on this.im doing your job man.hey, are you texting
kelly:  yeah, cause this is kind of a drag
michael:  alcohol is a drag. yes.heres what id like to do.id like to go around the room and have us each express to meredith how her alcoholism has affected us.ill begin.this christmas party is perhaps the best christmas party i have ever been to, but then you got so drunk that we had to stop and do this.thats how your drinking affected me.anybody else?another time when merediths drinking affected you?come on people.if we dont say anything shes not going to get any better. yes, kevin
kevin:  well, meredith, there was that one time you bought movie tickets and then you got too drunk to go, so you gave them to me.and that was really cool
michael: thats– you didnt– you werent hurt by that
kevin:  yeah, you said affected by it.thanks again, meredith.
meredith:  youre welcome
michael:  okay, no, thats not what were going for.who has a problem with merediths drinking?it has to bother you.it bothers me. right? how does it bother you?dwight, dont you have anything
dwight:  no, i like meredith.
dwight: actually, i dont care for meredith, but i dont believe in this kind of thing.in the schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention.  awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching.
michael:  who is going to tell us the latest dirty joke?who is going to tell us what you watched on television last night
meredith:  i am fine
michael:  was john belushi fine?was bob hope fine?hey– come here.if anything ever happened to you, i would be very angry at myself for not doing all that i could do
meredith: i know i drink. i like to part
michael:  i want you to say im an alcoholic
meredith:  i am not an alcoholic
michael:  you can say it as loudly as you want, but were not going to believe you.
phyllis:  i was waiting until later to hand out this years gifts from corporate.  i dont think theyre appropriate anymore.
angela:  please stop making me do these things
phyllis:  oh, sorry, its your job
angela:  but its the season of mercy
phyllis:  you never showed me mercy when you were in charge.why arent you wearing the hairnet
angela:  i lost it.
phyllis:  ok… nice.
meredith:  i dont mind telling you that i have an addiction.i do.to porn
michael:   alright, no, no, no.no. that is the image, i think we can all agree is very disgusting.but you know what, meredith, you lit your hair on fire today.what about tomorrow.?what is going to happen when you come into work and youre dead
dwight:  i stab her in the brain with a wooden stick.
dwight:  there are several ways to kill a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick.
michael:  everyone in this room loves you, but mark my words, we are not going to support your alcoholism anymore.the next time you light yourself on fire we are not going to help put you out
dwight:  oh, as fire marshal i would have to
michael:  dwight
dwight:  she is a hazard to the other people of the office
michael:  …okay
dwight:  i suppose i could do it if it was a controlled burn in a well ventilated area
jim:  yeah, but youre gonna need a permit for that
dwight:  oh right, thatll take a couple of weeks
creed:  i can get you one in an hour.
dwight:  really
toby:  okay you know, this– this is over
stanley:  i agree
jim:  michael, i think… you did the best you could, but this is bigger than all of us
michael:  enabler!enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler.its christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help.
michael:  you know what the only thing i want for christmas? i want meredith to get better.thats my only wish.but you know what?my wishes never come true, so im not going to wish that on her. i– a watch would be nice.
jim:   theyve been in there for 45 minutes
pam:  i know.if she wasnt an alcoholic before, she is now. 
phyllis:  thats a halwa shabkia cookie.they serve it during ramadan.
stanley:  mmmm… chewy.
jim:   hey.
andy:  whats up
jim:  do you take requests?
andy:  sure
jim:  please stop. people are having a christmas party.
michael:   ill be down in a minute.  could you write down the number of that rehabilitation center that you mentioned?
toby:  sure. wow.  ow…
meredith:  we just missed poor richards
michael:  we did
meredith:  yeah, i thought we were going out for a drink
michael:  oh, shoot.oh well, well have to go someplace else then i guess
meredith:  the bog? coopers, kellys
michael:  we could go there, sure
meredith:  …brixxs, carmens
michael:  yes, yes
meredith:  …the fort, andy gavins
michael:  i have a new place
meredith:  well, it must have just opened up
michael:  it– yep, recently
meredith:  yeah… all right
michael:  all right
meredith:  enough of this christmas crap.lets get some party music. yeah
michael:  yeah, oh there you go
meredith:  yeah
michael:  thats good
meredith:  yeah thats better
michael:  were party girls.
toby:   hey sasha, its daddy.have you ever heard of this doll , princess unicorn
sasha:   daddy, daddy, daddy!
toby:  no, no, no.no, im just curious if youve heard of it.
toby:  this is great.my ex-wifes going to be so pissed. for once daddys gonna be a hero.
dwight:  $200
darryl:  yo
toby:  hey, id like to buy one of your dolls
dwight:  oh, thats my last one
toby:  oh, no, i– no, no, i was gonna buy that doll
darryl:  thanks man
toby:  i was– i was gonna get the doll
dwight:  not my problem
toby:  but i– i promised my daughter. darryl, look– i– i need the doll, i need the doll.i– im– im begging you.i just– i need it more than anything in this world.i need this doll. darryl, man i need this doll
darryl:  all right man, dont cry.its cool.ill let you get it for $400
toby:  i only have $200
darryl:  you can owe me
toby:   oh man, thanks, thank you,  thank you, thank you
darryl:  i know, right.merry christmas
toby:  oh thanks.shes gonna…  oh
darryl:  something wrong with the doll
toby: no.its even– its even better than the one i wanted.
meredith:  sunrise rehab?no! no! no!i told you no! there is no way
michael:  its okay. its all right
meredith:  no way!there is no way! no way
michael:  meredith, we are doing this for your own good.okay. come on
meredith:  no way!no way!there is no way
michael:  here we go. this is gonna be good
meredith:  no! no way! i told you. we talked about this.there is absolutely no way.no!no! there is no way!no! no! i am not going in there! i am not going in there
michael:  yes you are.
meredith:  i am not going in there! no!
meredith:  wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a minute. just wait! just wait!
michael:  shhh… just calm down
meredith:   oh my god! oh my god! oh my god!no! no
michael:   come on. shh
meredith: no! no! no! there is no way! there is no way
michael:  heres the door. heres the door
meredith:  there is no way!there is no way! no! no
michael:   lets start meeting– hello. how are you
meredith:  this man is crazy! this man is crazy
rehab nurse:  can i help you
michael:  i have a deposit.alcoholic.
meredith:  no! no! no! no! no
michael:  so do i sign
meredith:  no!!!
phyllis:  i need you to put the christmas tree back up
angela:  its outside
phyllis:  i didnt ask you where it was.i told you where it needs to be
angela:  shut up
phyllis:  excuse me
angela:  im not moving the tree.face it. the only power you have over me is this big secret that i know youre not going to tell.and you want to know how i know that? because then you wont be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore. so you move the tree
phyllis:  okay.  angelas having sex with dwight.i caught them doing it after tobys going away party
dwight:  well dont look so surprised.
pam:  i knew it
jim:  you did not know it
pam:  i knew some of it
jim:  everyone knew some of it
pam:  its christmas
jim:  you knew it
pam:  thank you. i knew it
jim:  she knew it.
michael:  as it turns out you cant just check someone into rehab against their will.they have to do it voluntarily.they have to hit rock bottom.so i think i know what i need to do at this point.i need to find ways to push meredith to the bottom.um… i think i can do it.i did it with jan.
andy:  all right, everybodys still here.perfect! got a little surprise ive been working on.angela, my bride, i just wanted you to know that for the rest of our lives, no matter the cultural milieu, i will always be there to bring you christmas cheer. deck the halls with boughs of holly. fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.tis the season to be jolly. fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.don we now our gay apparel. fa-la-la-la-la-la.troll the little yule tide carol. roo-di-di-di-do. roododododo.
angela: i think id like to go home now
andy: sure. dooo. tough room.  come on. i just learned it.just so you know protocol is a little round of applause. but, merry christmas to all, and to all a good night.
