michael: all right, everybody. this is your last meal, so eat up.
dwight: from this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. we need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more.
michael: this summer, corporate is sponsoring a little weight loss contest between the branches. whichever branch loses the most weight gets three extra vacation days.
meredith: what should we do with all these leftovers
stanley: im taking the dumplings for my wife
dwight: no, no, no. this is your last meal. there will be no leftovers
creed: i can bring these to my shelter
stanley: im taking my dumplings
dwight:  there. take those home to your wife
michael: dwight, dwight
dwight: michael, its time.
dwight: hit the scales, everybody. right on that black platform. this way. step it up
darryl: dont go breaking my scale.
andy: im excited to lose weight for the wedding, because i really want to have washboard abs the first time angela sees me naked.
holly: ex-squeeze me
michael: no, i will ex-squeeze you
michael: ok everybody. get used to this because we are going to be standing here briefly every monday for the next seven mondays
dwight: wait a minute. one more bite of eclair each. hold it in your mouth if you cant swallow
jim: really, nothing
darryl: 2,336 pounds. yall need to learn some portion control
dwight: wait a minute. pam is on the scale
michael: oh, pamcake. no, no, no. we would love your extra poundage, but you are going to be leaving us next week, so vamoose. vamoose, pam. dunder mifflin family only
dwight: family only
darryl: all right, got it. 2,210 pounds
kevin: pam, you weigh 226 pounds
holly: almost, kevin
pam: not almost, though, holly. i mean, not — not close to 200
holly: math is hard
kevin: yeah
pam: just, well just keep going.
andy: im totally gonna slaughter at the weigh-in today
oscar: all i had this weekend to eat was a chicken breast and a case of diet coke
andy: really? ‘cause i havent eaten anything since noon on friday
oscar: ok.  stanley, come on
stanley: oh, i forgot something in my car. ill see you guys up there. 
stanley: i happen to be losing weight on my own for my own reasons. the truth is, i have lost a little of my speed, a little of my fire. heres what i used to look like.  look at those biceps. we were fighting the power and eating whatever we wanted.
holly: and arch your back. and slowly bring up your head. 
michael: jimbo
jim: ah, they moved the shower
michael: did you see hollys butt
jim: no, i didnt.  you know why
michael: why
jim: because most of the time, friends dont talk about other friends butts
michael: i know
jim: but what have you learned about her
michael: i learned that she broke her left leg twice in one year. i learned that shes allergic to sesame seeds. i learned that she has read “lonesome dove” three times
jim: nice
michael: and that her butt refuses to quit
jim: well, i tried.
michael:  you have to agree with me.  thats insane
jim: ill just go later
michael: i thought you had to pee.
dwight:  
oscar: hey, if youre into yoga, i take a great bikram class in dickson city
holly: oh, thanks. i should check that out
oscar: also — and no pressure — the teacher? hes a catch
holly: actually, im a lesbian
oscar: im gay
holly: im not a lesbian. i dont know why i said that… its a joke
oscar: whats the joke
holly: there is no joke. i just said it because i havent had much luck lately and im not really looking to date. maybe i should switch to women
oscar: oh, you think its a choice
holly: um, im gonna head back to my work area and just
oscar: im messing with you, holly
holly: i knew that. ok, bye
oscar: ok.
jim: so you have the directions
pam: yes
jim: you have a toothbrush
pam: yes
jim: you have a cell phone charger
pam: i have everything.
pam: tomorrow i start a three-month design program at the pratt institute in new york. i will be a little fish in the big apple.  what up, 212?
dwight: fax this for me
jim: come on, man. she goes to new york in like 10 minutes
dwight: its not gonna take her 10 minutes to fax it, jim.  if i dont see you again, goodbye. well, actually, ill see you when you give me the fax confirmation, so never mind.
andy: ang. ela.  ella, ella, ella. under my angerela. ella, ella, ella. ay, ay
angela: what
andy: hey, check it out.  this is the breakers, newport, rhode island. huge, awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the atlantic. and my dad went to cornell with the current groundskeeper.
andy: every little boy fantasizes about his fairy-tale wedding.
angela: no. no
andy: this is where my parents decided not to get divorced
angela: i dont care
andy: ok. how do you feel about maine?  im on it. ill see you later, love. 
dwight:  ahh. we done good in there, half pint
angela: well, that was the last time, dwight. i mean it
dwight: monkey.
angela: no, no. i have a fiance i very much like!
michael:  hey, hey!  pam, pam! hey
jim: what happened
michael:  i wrote you a goodbye poem. its really long. i left it up in my office. could you just please wait till i go get it
pam: i should really get going
michael: no. ok. um, the last word is “seagulls.
pam: im sure it was really lovely
michael: i took a lot from other poems
jim: call me when you get in.
pam: ok, bye
jim: bye
michael: all right, call–
pam: no, michael.
jim: why havent i proposed yet? uh, actually pam and i talked about it. and we just decided that, um — well, we didnt want to spend first three months of our engagement apart. and pams always said she doesnt want a long engagement. something in her past, i guess. im not really sure of the whole story, but something about a guy who used to work here…
michael: ok, no, no, no, no, no, no. same places as last week
angela: it doesnt matter, michael
michael:  yes, it does. no, this is about weight displacement. we have to have the same weight distribution. right here. here we go. lets move that up. here we go
holly: oh, fancy meeting you here
michael: all right
darryl: ok, everybody smile. ho! you lost 31 pounds
michael: all right!
jim: i cant believe im saying this, but michael is actually killing it with holly. and i think i know why. its because holly is kind of a major dork.
michael:  im mc mike scott, and i am hot. shes dj jazzy flax, and she is the best. all those sucker branches can suck our fat
holly: wikka wikka wikka what?
ronnie: dunder mifflin, this is ronnie.
jim: i dont really know ronnie. but i have a feeling i will get to know her very well over the next few years, and eventually declare my love for her.
professor: sorry im late. i accidentally switched my alarm clock setting to zapf chancery.  which is my terrible segue into our course, expressive typography in new media
pam: im in the wrong class…
professor: some of you may remember from last semester i am professor monaghan.  and looks like im boring someone already
pam: oh, no. i just
professor: please sit down.
holly: youre shaking. are you all right
kelly: just leave me alone!
kelly:  i am on the third day of my cleanse diet. all i have to do is drink maple syrup, lemon juice, cayenne pepper and water for all three meals. um, i just bought some bikinis online, size 2. so … gonna look amazing.
ronnie: hi, can i help you
jan: i need you to make me 100 copies of this on canary yellow
kevin: hi jan
jan: hi
kevin: hows the candle game
jan: oh, great. yeah, serenity by jan is kicking ass and taking names. you remember last week when that girl went missing?guess whose candles they used for the vigil
kevin: cool. thank god they found her, too
jan: oh, they found her?
michael: hi, jan. hello, baby. how are you? good to see you. whos your daddy? you dont know who your daddy is, do you? no, you dont.  come on. lets go in.
jim: when michael told us that jan was pregnant, he led us to believe that he was the father. by telling us that he was the father.
holly: hey, oscar. whos that woman in michaels office with the feet
jan: thats his ex
holly: oh, shes very beautiful
oscar: yes, she is. and clinically insane
holly: so, listen, i dont know if your offer still stands or whatever, but you can give your yoga teacher my number
oscar: ok.
angela: listen, dummy! its not that hard. all you have to do is take the numbers from the sales report and type them into a master spreadsheet. a g.d. monkey could do it. i do not understand why you cant do it
holly: no! you do not talk to him like that
angela: but hes an idiot
kevin: hey
holly: he is not an idiot
kevin: thank you, holly
holly: he is mentally challenged. but hes doing a super job here
kevin: wait, back up. do you think that i am retarded
holly: well, no. dwight
angela: oh, holly, that is very offensive
holly: im sorry.
andy: hey. so, since my little lady has such particular, impossible to perceive taste, i have made nonrefundable deposits at four totally different wedding locales:hot-air balloons over napa valley, world-famous walt disneys epcot center, scuba-diving wedding in the bahamas and the wilkes-barre marriott ballroom c
angela: dangerous. tacky. sharks. haunted. no.
angela:  hurry, we have to make this fast
dwight: lets do this thing
angela:  hey!
angela: i have a nice comforter and several cozy pillows. i usually read a chapter of a book, and its lights out by 8:30. thats how i sleep at night!
jim: all right, i am connecting and … you are not there. did you install it right? how about this:go to applications
pam:  i can see you
jim: all right
pam: this is so cool
jim: so what is going on, girl in the computer
pam: lunch with a girl from my hall
jim: uh-huh
pam: ceramics class. then dinner by myself. im gonna watch hgtv and maybe go to bungalow 8 with john mayer
dwight: ok, can you turn the girl off please? im trying to get some work done
michael: no way. no way. pam beesley. hello.  hey, everybody look, pam. pam, say hi. say hi to pam. dont we all look skinny? oh, oh, almost dropped you
pam: can you put me down im getting a little nauseous
michael: pam, id like you to meet ronnie. we call her rice-a-ronnie. she is hilarious. she is wonderful, a beam of light in this dark, dark office. not really so much. all she does is plop herself down there and answer phones all day
pam: the nerve
michael: oh, calm down, weirdo. its just a joke. shes such a weirdo! you know what? my real beef with her, though, pam? she cant find those little colored paper clips that i like so much. will you help her find them, please
pam: theyre on the supply shelf
michael: lets go. we are following pam to the supply shelf. let us go.
pam: new york is so exciting. i love my classes. the citys awesome. um, can you give me back to jim now, please?
michael: ok, everybody, lets suck in our guts
darryl: 2,184 pounds, for a grand total — oh! you all gained five pounds back
michael: damn it. come on
oscar:  oh
kevin: oh, my god!
dwight: come on, bernard.
michael: here we go. everybody on
dwight: all right, were set
darryl: still good. you guys lost a pound. you lost one pound
kelly: i was on an iv for two days at the hospital.
stanley: i lost four pounds. i dont know what those other fools were doing, but i lost four pounds.
phyllis: angela, youll go to the supermarket and get the new york cheesecake. make sure its the generic one. its stanleys favorite.
phyllis: yes, ive replaced angela as head of the party planning committee.  i guess i was just in the right place at the right time.
michael: hows it going
phyllis: its going well
michael: good
holly: i have a crazy idea. what if we did, um, fruit instead of cake
michael: cake? who suggested cake?
phyllis: we lost weight today. i think its ok to reward ourselves once in a while
michael: are you kidding me? we only lost one pound, phyllis.
michael: what is wrong with these people? they have no willpower. i went — i once went 28 years without having sex. and then again for seven years.
michael: does anyone have any idea what the number one cause of death is in this country
dwight: shotgun weddings
jim: thats not what that is
creed: fright. being scared to death
michael: no
holly: obesity-caused illnesses
dwight: obesity-caused illnesses
michael: thank you. holly is right. people, this is not just about winning some extra vacation days. this is about a very cool hr initiative that if we dont follow, we are all going to die of obesity. so how much are we gonna lose
jim: i would like to lose 65 pounds
michael: yes, all right. who else?  can i put you down for 10 pounds
angela: no. my doctor wants me to gain weight
michael: if you gain weight, you will die. i want you to live forever. i want us all to live forever. how? how are we going to do this
jim: cryogenics. beer me five
michael: this is how were gonna do it. five pounds. im asking each of you to lose five pounds. that plus jims 65 will give us a very good chance at winning this thing.
jim: all right, im taking off
michael: booty call
jim: nope, just going to see pam
michael: here
jim: maybe put up some shelves
michael: wait a second.  i dont want you to end up with a surprise pregnancy like me
jim: ok, thank you for … this
michael: you want more
jim: no.
andy: i dont know if theres any one place that has all these things
angela: its not my problem.
andy: thousand-year-old church in the continental united states. there has to be a rainbow. 24-hour veterinarian on call
angela: that is very important to me, so — i have work to do. just do it.
andy: sweetheart.  just so you know, i dont care where we get married. ill marry you right here in this building. ill marry you in the parking lot. ill marry you in the eye of a hurricane in the middle of a snowstorm on top of a monsoon. all i care about is that were gonna spend the rest of our lives together
andy:  hey-oh
angela: i know i havent made this easy on you. 
jim:  hi
pam: hi.  mmm. ‘cause–
jim: oh, thats so rude of me. have you seen, um, pams new art? its right there. check it out. 
michael:  its a pretty lame party
ronnie: does anyone want to dance?
jim:  some girl came into pams room crying about her roommate stealing her soy milk. so im in here waiting it out.
phyllis: stanley, michaels not here. you can eat a slice of your birthday cake
stanley: i dont like cake anymor
andy: why not, dawg
stanley: tastes changed. now all i like is baklava.
dwight: michael, we have a situation.
dwight: they should not be in that room
holly: thats so lame they didnt invite us
michael: you know what we should do? we should have a party and not invite them
dwight: yeah
michael: lets go mini-golfing
holly: hey, could i have a rain check on the mini-golf. i, uh, actually have a date tonight
michael: uh
holly: itll probably be a total disaster, but
michael: um, i think youll have fun. men from scranton are handsome, and they know how to show a woman a good time
dwight: not that guy who murdered his mother. he was not so handsome. also kevin
michael: you know what? were pretty much done here today. why dont you just take off early
holly: really
michael: yeah
holly: oh, thats sweet. wish me luck
michael: good luck.
michael: oh, holly doesnt need luck. everyone that meets her instantly loves her.
dwight: partys over. you are so busted
michael: ok, everybody. phyllis, did i or did i not say fruit
phyllis: you said fruit, michael
michael: and what is that
phyllis: cake
michael: you know, were gonna have to try a little harder if we are going to win this thing
dwight: happy birthday, stanley! 
holly: its kind of a good news, bad news situation.the bad news is were not doing very well, so we really had to starve ourselves this whole week. but the good news is that all the other branches are doing just as bad as we are, so corporate upped the prize to five days.so if we stay fat long enough, we may actually get a whole month off.
kevin:  what
creed: oh nothing
kelly: its just some of us are taking this really seriously.
kelly: i swallowed a tapeworm last night.its going to grow up to three feet inside of me and then it eats all my food so that i dont get fat.and then after three months i take some medicine and then i pass it.creed sold it to me.its from mexico.
creed: that wasnt a tapeworm.
ryan:  hows my favorite branch doing?  all right .
michael: ronnie was bleh.things were at an all time sad here.but then i got an e-mail from ryan, that he was coming back to town.and i called the temp agency and i told them i will pay you any amount, just give me ryan howard.give him to me.i want him.i need him.
ryan: and you got a goatee
michael: i did
ryan: did you get that after you helped me move and you saw mine
michael: yes.gooooo-tee
kevin: firrrrre-duh guy!
ryan: hey kevin…  thats really funny.
kevin: yeah
ryan: its great to see you kev
kevin: you too.
ryan: im keeping a list… of everyone who wrongs me.so when im back on top, theyll be sorry.kevin just made the list.
ryan: jim.i wanted to apologize… for how i treated you last year.i lost sight of myself and now that ive quit the rat race ive realized theres so much more to life than being the youngest vp in the companys history.ive even started volunteering.giving back to the community
jim: well thats great. youre talking about your court ordered community service
ryan: i dont need a judge to tell me to keep my community clean
jim: but he did, right
ryan: all right
jim: all right.
ryan: 
darryl: well you lost zero pounds. no change.on the bright side you gained zero pounds
michael: hey, you know what?i cant do this by myself people!kelly and i are the only ones who have either passed out or almost passed out.
andy: damnit, i need these five days for my honeymoon!who is slacking
holly: ok, lets just all try and work harder, ok
andy: no!i want names!
andy: this is the hardest thing ive ever had to do in my entire life.i havent had a very hard life.
oscar: so how was your date
holly: eight point five.i got a red wine stain on my favorite shirt.but hes cute, right
michael: 
holly: whats wrong
michael:  mmm— mmm…um…
michael: close the door.this is your fault
jim: nope
michael: your stupid friend zone
jim: mmm
michael: i should have been lovers with her first and then friends.that was terrible advice.terrible advice!you know my seduction method.i like to get in there and get my hands dirty! wh—you sabotaged me.you sabotaged me, man!
dwight: attention!attention!we only have a few weeks left.and most of you are just as fat as the day we began
jim: how much weight have you lost, dwight
dwight: i am hardly the problem, jim
jim: no, youre definitely the problem
dwight: this is what im gonna do.im gonna randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction.uhhhhh stanley, phyllis, kevin.and you will be responsible for your own medical bills.
ryan: kelly
kelly: oh, hello ryan.you look well
ryan: i wanted to say im sorry… for treating you bad the past couple years.i was in my mid twenties and i was goin through a lot of stuff.i think i never fully processed 9/11.um, i want you to know ive changed
kelly: cool
ryan: we should get a drink later. catch up.pick me up around eight
kelly: oh that is so sweet.um, but im dating darryl, still, and were like crazy in love so
ryan: that— i, um… cool.well maybe ill see you around
kelly: its a small office
ryan: yeah.
dwight: hello phyllis.do you have a minute?listen.im really sorry… about what i said before.ok?i was way out of line
phyllis: yes you were
dwight: but you know what, i want to make it up to you.there is a sure fire sale, but its a two man job.interested
phyllis: split the commission
dwight:  sixty – forty.hm? ill drive.
ryan: 
holly: dietings only half of it
michael: mmm-hmm.saunas
holly: and exercise. although i know everybody loves going to the gym
michael: gah, the dreadmill. 
jim: probably the weirdest thing about pam being gone would be lunch… actually.but um, it will force me to become acquaintances with people i consider… coworkers.
friend: oh, my god.ok.everybody just act normal.dont say anything
pam: what
friend: my ex-girlfriend.shes right behind you. just… hide me
pam: really, where?
friend: no no!dont look!
pam: wow, was it the age difference
friend: uh, actually, kind of.yes.i just didnt like eating dinner that early.
pam: hey!jim! um, listen, can i call you back in a little bit?i made friends!
phyllis:  are you insane?
dwight: hey, hey
oscar: oh my god, what happened
phyllis: there was no client.dwight drove me to an abandoned warehouse five miles away and pushed me out of the car.i had to walk home with no money and no phone
dwight: and you burned over a thousand calories walking home.and this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest.phyllis vance, ladies and gentlemen!
phyllis: you left me in a bad part of town
dwight: yeah, i took your purse.what are you worried about?you look great.i can definitely see the difference.
phyllis:  phyllis vance for david wallace.
holly: “…or that dunder mifflin does not discriminate.nor does it condone unhealthy dieting habits or extreme weight loss strategies.as was clearly stated in the official starting—
michael:  ohhhh!bang!boom!say clump! why hello everybody
holly: what are you doing
jim: fair question
michael: i say, i say, i say, i say down holly! ill take it from here. i am beautiful.  they are beautiful. he is beautiful.this big fat pig is beautiful.
michael: its my sumo suit.i just didnt inflate it all the way.i am so glad that i bought instead of rented.
michael: body image.we are here because there is something wrong with society
jim: see, youre always saying theres something wrong with society, but… maybe theres something wrong with you
michael: if its me, then society made me that way.now, i know a lot of you are probably asking yourself, “why are you dressed in a plus sized suit?
kevin: because youre kind of doing michael clump
michael: how do you know michael clump
oscar: because its your making-fun-of-fat-people character
michael: how dare you! michael clump is a celebration of fat people
oscar: i think of him as more like… a monster?what about, “i say, i say, i say, ill sit on you!
dwight: no, no, no, it goes, it goes… look, “i say, i say, i say, ill sit on you!
michael: no, no, no, no, no!you know what?fat people are not monsters!why dont you guys have a little more sensitivity to the subject.bang!boom!case in point!look at the outside of this building.it is ugly.but you come inside… and it is beautiful.just like this unappealing fat suit.inside is a rather handsome, sexy, man
dwight: vamping
michael: hey!why dont you just sit down, please
dwight: eh, ive been sitting all day
michael: were doing this because of you.so why dont you just go stand somewhere else. hey.hey.you shaved
ryan: i did
michael: why
ryan: 
professor: so, in the year 2000, fungus and even black mold was discovered growing in the cave.some blame it on the new air conditioning system they installed.some, on the high powered lights.  others feel that fungus is do to an over
pam:  nice
professor: quiet please
pam: sorry
friend: sorry.
michael: dwight, i would like you to apologize to this beautiful, beautiful woman for forcing her to walk five miles, which for her is basically a death march
dwight: she should thank me
michael: ok phyllis, thank dwight first
phyllis: why should i have to thank him
michael: youre right, youre right.just, dwight, do it.just say it ok
dwight:  i apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise.
michael: finally.right?ok, phyllis you must be exhausted from standing on those gams.why dont you have a seat? lets all clap at phyllis.  ok!when michael clump wants to remind you  that corporate… their idea, yes, was to urge you to lose weight, but more importantly what this whole thing is about, this contest is really about being healthy.and in order to be healthy, you have to eat, kelly.kelly.kelly, i want you to stand up on your chair.come on, stand up on your chair.stand up, stand up, stand up.somebody help her.here we go.  ok, i want you to look at her.shes a beautiful indian woman.why?what makes her beautiful
ryan:  everything.shes perfect
meredith: i like her nails
michael: ok, be more specific
meredith: i like her fingernails
phyllis: i like her purple dress
michael: what about her looks
creed: hell of an ass
kelly: …what else do people like?
phyllis: i wonder what people like about me? … probably my jugs.
michael: kelly, will you just agree to stop this mess and stop trying to kill yourself
kelly: i hate dieting, i hate it so much.i hate this worm inside of me
michael: i want you to know.kelly, look at me!i want you to know that you are beautiful.you are truly, truly beautiful.give me a hug. mmmmmm.
jim: summers going great.just spent two hours listening to michael clump.i have a weird pain in my left side that im convinced is an ulcer.my girlfriend lives in new york and i havent seen her in 10 days.hows your summer?
michael: hey ryan, look.shaved off my goatee.i am goateeless.we are the goateeless brothers.
ryan: oh
michael: ahaha, yep!
oscar: how was friday night
holly: oh, i had a good time, but its been three days and no call.i even have two tickets to see counting crows for tonight, so
oscar: hell call
michael: oscar, enough with the girl talk please
darryl: you guys lost four pounds
michael:  hey
darryl: i say we have a parade
dwight: we better
michael: excellent!good job.
jim: so as it turns out, tonight is my nephews t-ball game and i kinda missed the first three, so
pam: youve already disappointed him so much.he cant be expecting a lot from you
jim: i know.i suck
dwight: yes, you do
jim: dwight says “hi.
dwight: i do not!i do not say “hi” pam
jim: now he is saying “hi” louder
pam: i… listen, umm, were still good for this weekend, right
jim: umm
pam: no football games, recitals, karate tournaments
jim: hey, can you go to im
pam: ok
jim: ok
dwight: what are you writing about me
jim9334: yeah. cmon well meet halfway.youll be back for your 4 oclock class
dwight: im gonna write you both up for not working
jim: im gonna write you up for not working
dwight: ok, well played.neither of usll write the other up for not working
receptionitis15: where
jim9334: the rest stop where that soda exploded on me.exit 17, i think.1 oclock
receptionitis15: alright. see you there. : ) p.s. i finally finished my 
jim:  
michael: yeah, oh, hey.did he call
holly: i just got off… kendall?i just got off
michael: no no, did, i heard you talking to oscar about that guy.what, what happened?did he call
holly: oh, no
micheal: really
holly: no
micheal: aach
holly: and you know what?i even got two tickets to see the counting crows tonight as a surprise.why do guys not call when they say they are gonna call
michael: i dunno.i always call everybody back right away.hell call back though.give him until the end of the day, hell call.if he doesnt, he is loco
holly: thanks.thats sweet.anyways, umm, seems like we lost to utica by only eight pounds
michael: ugh
holly: well, at least everyone lost weight.thats all that really matters
michael: wait, do we have until the end of the day?
holly: so were only eight pounds behind utica.now, i know its a stretch but we could weigh ourselves again at the end of the day and maybe win this thing after all
andy: leave it to me, boss.i can get this whole office to make weight.  its gonna be a little toasty in here. good old fashioned sweat lodge.
andy: andy bernard does not lose contests.he wins them… or he quits them because they are unfair.
michael:  hey, is that healthy food
kelly: nope
michael: were trying to win a contest here, kelly.please
jim: hey, michael.i just scheduled lunch with a client so i might be back a little late
michael: ok, that is fine.just water, and be back by weigh-in, ok
jim: perfect.
dwight: 
angela: i hate to even ask because you have been so accommodating about all the wedding stuff
andy: your wish is my command
angela: is there any way our first dance can be to my favorite song, the little drummer boy
andy: of course
angela: really
andy: yeah!i mean its a great song.i always thought it was bigger than christmas anyway.you know
angela: mmhmm
andy: and you know what?the guys already know it so its easy breezy
angela: the guys
andy: i didnt tell you
angela: mm-m
andy: here comes treble, class of 96 was available for our big day, so, i booked em
angela: i dont think that
andy: and, they are collectively my best man.and they are crashing with us for three weeks, so… it totally works out
angela: i dont know if i want your old college a capella group to be our wedding band
andy: ok, i hear you, sweetheart, but this is a deal breaker.but you know what?youre gonna love these guys.carl 1, carl 2, broccoli rob, spare rib, doobie, lunch box, boner champ, thats me, pubie lewis and the news, hopscotch, jingle jangle, sandwich.these are the best best-man a guy could ever hope for
angela:  lets talk about this later.
andy: mm-wah! 
pam: hey!this is not half-way!i did the math.i had to drive way longer than you.montclair would have been closer, so you have to buy lunch
jim: 
pam: what are you doing
jim: i just… couldnt wait
pam: oh my god
jim: pam, will you marry me
pam: oh my god
jim: so
pam: yes! 
dwight: god.where is jim
holly: im calling it.i guess thats curtains for the yoga guy
michael: aww, really
holly: yeah
michael: i have to say, i think the problem with that whole thing
holly: yeah
michael: …was that he was a complete stupid idiot
holly: aww man, i really wanted to see them
michael: i know.i love counting crows
holly: look at where my seats were
michael: wow, really
holly: yeah
michael: thats a shame.a shame to waste these.i want to buy them from you
holly: michael, you dont have to buy them
michael: i do.no.i do.i, i want to.trust me.i really do
holly: ok
michael: ok
holly: yeah
michael: alright.alright!just, i want you to just forget about him, ok?case closed.umm, can i pay you tomorrow?i have like a 60 dollar limit on my atm, so
holly: yeah
michael: is that good
holly: yeah
jim: hey, sorry everybody
dwight: what are you smiling about there smiley pants?youre late
andy: wet tuna
jim: hey dwight
michael: ok
jim: whats up, meredith
meredith: nothing
dwight: dripping on me
michael: darryl, would you do the honors
darryl: two thousand one hundred seventy-five.  sorry guys
michael: nonono, no, no, i dont want to hear moaning.this is a good day.you guys accomplished something big.you lost a ton of weight, literally.a lot of weight.and i dont care what any stupid scale says.you guys are all gigantic losers.
stanley: i dont know about anyone else.but it was a good summer for me.i lost seven pounds.and you know what?im just gonna take five days off anyway.
toby:  oh, i went zip lining my third day in costa rica.i guess the harness wasnt strapped in exactly right.i broke my neck.and, ive been in the hospital five weeks now.i still havent seen the beach.its nice to have visitors.
kelly:   im doing the blood type diet
meredith:  who gives a f
kelly:  whatd you say h
holly:  okay, great.i got it.
dwight:  look what just arrived from the nashua branch. “heres something to enjoy on your three non-vacation days.nashua branch.” can i send them a dead deer
michael:  no, you know what were gonna do?were gonna take that and we are going to us it as a reward for the end of our competition
dwight:  classy.
dwight:  my dream vacation?i sleep in, putter around the farm, go fishing for a few hours, take a long run in the forest, check the traps.then the sun comes up and i head into work, which is empty, because everyone else is out of town on vacation.
oscar:  nice job, kevin. 
oscar:  im pretty fit.but in the gay community, theres a lot of pressure to be ripped.i got straight abs.i want gay abs.
oscar:  can you turn the heat down now – its oppressive
andy: yeah, totally.im sorry, oscar.yeah, i didnt realize it was bothering you
oscar:  its just
andy:  ‘cause its kind of bothering all of us, cause its really hot, you know, its hot, so we can lose weight, so we dont screw up this whole contest for the entire freaking office, but if you want, ill turn it down
michael:  hello, hello.hey!your face is almost back to normal
meredith:  one more kid calls me “hellboy,” i swear to god
dwight:  oh, you wish.hellboys a hero.
meredith: these guys took me out on their fishing boat.i dont think i caught anything.
oscar:  have you been to the beach yet
toby:   no, but im going zip lining tomorrow, through the, through the rainforest, with this cool couple i, i met at my hotel.wo-womans amazing
michael:  hey, oscar!come on, lets go
oscar:  okay, toby, i gotta go
toby:  hey, is that michael?does he miss me?uh, oscar?are you there?hello? 
michael:  i am suspending you without pay for the rest of the year
jim:  no, youre not
michael:  okay, no, i am not.dwight! i want you to take jims chair.no!no!his chair at his desk.he gets it back on friday
dwight: all right
michael:  i want you to get your ass out of my face.
jim:   yeah, well, if youre only free till three on sunday and i cant get there till one, then its gonna be pretty tight
michael:   thats what she said
jim:   hey, can you not
dwight:  can you not?no sitting devices, michaels rules
jim:  no, no, no, definitely, definitely.yes.next weekend, then.all right!i love you, too
dwight:  gah! 
darryl:  hey, um, my daughter said you traded her a headband for her nintendo ds
kelly: oh yeah, she loves that headband
darryl:  shes six
kelly:  she manipulates you
darryl:  okay, im gonna need you to make this right or else we cant be right
kelly:  i never know when youre kidding
jan:  i cant feel… i cant feel anything that youre doing, michael
michael:  well
jan:  its like nothings happening
michael: youre…you know what?i read in one of those books that youre not even supposed to give foot massages because it can induce labor
jan:  oh, just stop making excuses and just dig in there
michael:  im digging.
jim:  when michael told us that jan was pregnant, he led us all to believe that he was the father… by telling us he was the father.but then we got this e-mail from jan. “hi, everyone!jan here, writing to share some wonderful news and to quash a rumor.first, the great news – i am expecting.the beautiful baby inside me will be ready to meet the world this fall just a few months before the launch of the new serenity by jan line (shameless plug, i know, dont hate me, lol).anyway, i also wanted to clarify that the father is not anyone that you or i have ever met.remember, no matter how excited someone is about my baby, it does not make them the father.best, jan.p.s. hope to ship you something soon.”
michael:  i cant wait to be a father.im going to smother that baby.
jan:  uh, new wicks from craft corner, uh, this dress  returned to suburban casuals, and uh, panty liners
michael:  i really, i dont want to get panty liners, please
jan:  well, i, you said you wanted to help, so i…
michael:  i know, its
dwight:  will you be able to milk with those implants
jan:  you mean breastfeed
dwight:  yeah.  easy there, old girl.
jan:  uh, im fine, thank you.
dwight:  okay
jan:  would you just call me when youre done with the errands, michael
michael:  yes
dwight:   careful.hmm.she was a keeper
michael:  i want you to get the panty liners
dwight:  done
