dwight:  last week i gave a fire safety talk.  and nobody paid any attention.its my own fault for using powerpoint.powerpoint is boring.people learn in a lot of different ways, but experience is the best teacher. today, smoking is gonna save lives.
dwight:  does anyone smell anything smoky?
angela:  did you bring your jerky in again
dwight: 
pam:   oh, my god! uh, oh my god!
phyllis:  what
andy:  whoa, fire
dwight: oh, fire!oh my goodness!whats the procedure?what do we do, people
pam:  the phones are dead
dwight:  oh, how did that happen
kevin:  its out in the hall
dwight:  no, we dont know that.the smoke could be coming through an air duct
michael:  oh my god! okay, it happening.everybody stay calm.
dwight:  whats the procedure, everyone? whats the procedure
michael:  stay  calm
dwight:  wait, wait, wait
michael:  everyone, now  calm down
dwight:  no! no, michael! no!touch the handle.if its hot, there could be a fire in the hallway
michael:  what does warm mean
everyone:   oh my god
dwight:  not a viable option
pam:  try a different door
dwight:  okay, whats next
michael:  dont run
dwight:  oh! heres a door.check that one out. hows the handle
andy: it– its warm
dwight:  well, uh, another option. 
jim:  back door
dwight:  back to our options. jeez! ok! settle down everyone.no bunching
phyllis:  oh! i forgot my purse
stanley:  leave it woman
michael:  get out of the way! go, go, go
dwight:  things can be replaced, phyllis! people, human lives, however, can…
oscar:  ah! my hand!thats hot
andy:  aah! this ones hot too
michael:  okay, were trapped.everyone for himself
dwight:  okay, lets go.
everyone:   out of my way! lets go. get out of my way
dwight:  calm, pleas
andy:  get out of the way
dwight:  have you ever seen a burn victim
andy:  move it
dwight:  okay! procedure, procedure. exit options.where do we go folks?wha– use a what to cover the mouth
angela:   its okay.shh shhh
dwight:  a what?a rag.a damp rag, perhaps.lets remember those procedures.what are the options?okay, thats the wrong way.weve already tried that.remember your exit points.exit points people
angela:  oscar
dwight:  whats next?
angela:  oscar
oscar:  stay alive!im getting help
angela:  pull me up
oscar:  youre too heavy
angela:  i only weigh 82 pounds!uh– save bandit!  oh
dwight:  how about 911?anyone? 911.
pam:  what do we do?
dwight:  use the surge of fear and adrenaline to sharpen your decision-making
jim:  okay, i am not dying here.come on.
angela:  what is that?what is that
andy:  the fires shooting at us
phyllis:  what in the name of god is going on?
andy:  yes!  yes, ba– yes, battering ram! battering ram
andy:  go, go, go, go, go!!
michael:   help!! help!
stanley:  im about to die
dwight:   attention everyone! employees of dunder mifflin!this has been a test of our emergency preparedness.there is no fire.it was only a simulation
jim:  what?
dwight:  fire not real.this was merely a training exercise.  so, what have we learned? oh come on.its not real stanley. dont have a heart attack
michael:  no, no, no! you will not die! stanley! stanley! you will not die!stanley! stanley! barack is president!you are black, stanley! im gonna give him mouth to mouth
jim:  no, no, no! dont give him mouth to mouth for this!
michael:  hes going to swallow is tongue.
jim: no. michael. michael
michael:  open your mouth.come on. dont swallow it
jim:   michael! michael
michael:  leave me al
andy:  youre choking him!
michael:  saving him
david wallace: how could you possibly think this is a good idea
dwight:  a lot of ideas were not appreciated in their time
michael:  electricity
dwight:  shampoo
david wallace:  you could have burned down the whole building
dwight:  i just want to say for the record, i did not kill anyone.stanley was attacked by his own heart. and he should be released from the hospital and back in the office in a couple days.
lawyer:  did you shout, “fire!”, causing a panic
dwight:  yes i shouted “fire!”.i shouted many things! i also shouted instructions on how to get out of the building, so you can imagine my frustration as safety officer when nobody would heed of what– heeded
michael:  hed. hedde
dwight:  when no one hedded
michael:  take hedded of
dwight:  n-no one would take hedded of my instructions
michael:  heed. heed
dwight:  so, you
michael:  take heed of.
dwight:  and, well, i dont see my co-workers
michael:  take heed of
dwight:  hee-heeding this right now
lawyer:  wh–what
michael:  okay.  this city.dwight. we are not mad, we are just disappointed.
david wallace:  no, we are mad.
michael:  yes. we are. we are livid.but we are going to let this one slide
david wallace: no, were not.
michael:  i am not a mind reader, david.
david:  look, this is very serious offense.we have cause to fire you
michel:  can you shove down?instead… shove down, please.instead, what i think we should do is strip of your title as safety officer.
dwight:  no
michael:  and we should take a part of his pay and donate it the charity of your choice.something that dwight doesnt like.
dwight:  peta
david wallace:  michael, you have to take responsibility here. one of your employees had a heart attack.he could have died, because of the way that you are allowing your office to run.do you want that on your conscious
michael:  do you
david wallace:  michael
michael:  you talking to me
david wallace:  yeah
michael:  what
dwight:  well… i guess we papered over that pretty nicely.  it always amuses me when corporate thinks they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise. whats the matter? you hungry
michael:   no, dwight.i am worried.a mans life is in my hands
dwight:  dont you worry about that.i got it covered.okay
michael:  yeah
dwight:  i am planning a bomb scare that should really get the blood pumping.
michael:  thats not gonna happen. im taking over as safety man
dwight:  what? you
michael:  yes.
dwight:  come on
michael:  im a smart guy.ill figure it out
dwight:  thats preposterous
michael:  no, i will
michael:  nobody should have to go to work thinking, “oh, this is the place that i might die today.”thats what a hospital is for. an office is for not dying.an office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to… an office is a place where dreams come true
michael:  shhh! dont excite him. dont make him excitable.  welcome back, stanley.
stanley:  thank you, michael
stanley:  its true. around this office, in the past, i have been a little abrupt with people
stanley:   not maybe. yes or no.
stanley:   no way. uh-uh
stanley:   are you from another planet
stanley:   boy, have you lost your mind? ‘cause ill help you find it
stanley:   did i stutter
stanley:   im done. goodbye
stanley:  but the doctor said if i cant find a new way to relate more positively to my surroundings im going to die
michael:  andy
andy:   a throne for your highness.
stanley:  im not sitting in a wheelchair.
michael:  no, no, no. no debate. you are going to sit in that wheelchair until you are back on your feet
stanley:  im going to die
cpr trainer:  a-b-c. okay?and hat stands for… airway, breathing and circulation.
michael:  okay, you know what? that could be a little confusing, because in sales a-b-c means “always be closing.
dwight:  this is a farce. i should be teaching this course
michael:  shut it.shut it
michael:  we found ourselves on the less prepared side of things when stanley had his… when his heart went berserk. and i knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense i had no idea what to do.so i thought we should have cpr training class and of course you cant get the practice dummy unless the instructor comes along with it. red cross, you know, racket
kevin:   i cant keep doing this forever
cpr trainer:  its been 20 seconds
kevin:  call it.
cpr trainer:  would you like to try next
dwight:  absolutely i would not
michael:  you know who i really think should go? stanley
stanley:  oh, i dont know
phyllis:  thats not a good idea, michael
michael:  come on
phyllis:  he needs to rest
michael:  no rest for the sick. we are not always going to be there to coddle your heart back when it disappears to be working.what are you gonna do if youre by yourself and your heart stops
stanley:  i would die
michael:  and youre okay with that
stanley:  im okay with the logic of it
michael:  uh-uh.no, no, no.come on. get up.lets do this
stanley:  yes. i had a heart attack.i would quit, but im too old to find another job and i dont have enough saved to retire.i feel like im working in my own casket
michael:  come on stanley.youre losing you.youre losing you. do it
angela:  michael
michael:  this is you were talking about
angela:  michael
michael:  okay, okay.ill show them. here we go.  stanley.all right
cpr trainer:  so, assessing the situation.are they breathing?
michael:  no, rose. they are not breathing.and they have no arms or legs.
rose:  no, thats not part of it
michael:  where are they?you know what? if we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? i mean, what kind of quality of life do we have there
kevin:  i would want to live with no legs.
michael:  how about no arms? no arms or legs is basically how you exist right now, kevin. you dont do anything
rose:  all right, well, lets get back to it. ‘cause youre losing him. okay, too fast. everyone, we need to pump at a pace of a 100 beats per minute .
michael:  okay, thats uh, hard to keep track.how many is that per hour
jim:  hows that gonna help you
michael:  i will divide and then count to it
jim:  right
rose:  okay. well, a good trick is to pump to the tune of ‘staying alive by the bee gees.do you know that song
michael:  yes, yes i do.i love that song.  first i was afraid, i was petrified
rose:  no, its–ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin alive, stayin alive
michael:  okay, i got it
creed:   you were in the parking lot earlier. thats how i know you.
michael:  ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin alive, stayin alive  ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin alive, stayin alive
michael:  ah, ah, ah, ah…
andy:  oh you can tell by the way i use my walk im a womans man, no time to talk. music loud, women warm, been kicked around since i was born. oh, its alright, its okay,  you can look the other way. loo do do!
rose:  okay!
andy:  da, da, da, da, da, da, d
rose:  okay!
everyone:   stayin alive, stayin alive
rose:  yeah, okay.you didnt maintain 100 beats per minute, and the ambulance didnt arrive because nobody called 911. so you lost him
dwight:  okay, hes dead.anyone know what we do next? anybody? rose?
rose:  i have no idea
dwight:  anyone else
phyllis:  we bury him
dwight: wrong. ehh. check for an organ donor card.if he has one, we only have minutes to harvest.
creed:  he has no wallet, i checked.
michael:  he is an organ donor
dwight:  he is
michael:  yeah
dwight:  get me some ice and a styrofoam bucket.  here we go
angela:  oh my god! dwight
kelly:  dwight
angela:  what are you–  what are you doing
dwight:  we search for the organs. wheres the heart? the precious heart
stanley:  im not feeling well.i need to sit down.
michael:  hey, stanley.
andy:  stanley.
michael:  are you okay
angela:  oh my god!
stanley:  oh my god
angela:  dwight
dwight:  clarice
stanley:  oh my god
david wallace:  could you tell me why you had to cut the face off the dummy
dwight:  i didnt think it was very realistic in the movie and it turns out, its pretty realistic
david wallace:  we had to pay for it.cost us thirty five hundred dollars.
michael:  five thousand three hundred dollars for a dummy
dwight:  wow
michael:  okay, look. david, this is why we have training.we start with the dummy, and we learn from our mistakes. and now dwight knows not to cut the face off of a real person
andy:  hope you brought your appetitos.my lady. my tuna. a little movie popcorn.  uh, damn it.this movie, a lot of buzz.not coming out for another six months.mrs. albert hannaday. so, friendship with the nard-dog has its privileges
pam:  we dont normally download films illegally.because were honest,hardworking people.
jim:  and we dont know how
pam:  but andy does, so we have to watch it with him
jim:  punishment fits the crime
jessica alba:   i want you to meet my nana.nana…
lily:  mmmhmm…
jessica alba:  this is sam.
sam:  hi. nice to meet you mrs. hannaday
lily:  please– call me lily.  lets play bridge.you can be my partner
sam:  alright… lily
jim:   whats going on
jim:  uh, no one really knows, but pams parents are going through a little bit of a rough patch in their marriage
pam:  my dad spent the night at our place last night.my parents have been fighting for weeks and… it kinda sucks.jims been great. but im gonna need to buy my dad a robe
pam:  hes not saying what he needs to say.
andy:  hmm? who? sam
pam:  yeah
jim:  i mean, they just need to communicate, you know?if they said to each other what theyre saying to everyone else, then
andy:  hmm
andy:  jim and pam are, like, movie geniuses. theyre catching things that are totally going over my head
michael:  hi, everyone.corporate has given dwight two strikes. they are very, very upset with him. so, as a disciplinary measure he is going to have to issue a formal apology. dwight, have you prepared your statement of regret?
dwight:  i have
michael:  lets hear it
dwight:   “i state my regret.
jim:  you couldnt of memorized that
dwight:  i could not, because i do not feel it. okay, everyone. i am going to need you to sign this statement of regret as an acknowledgement that you heard it.okay? everyone come on up here. its not a big deal
phyllis:  it is a big deal. you almost killed stanley
dwight:  yeah, right. i filled him full of butter and sugar for 50 years and forced him not to exercise. now, take a lesson from stanley and jog on up here and sign this, okay?make a line. just form a line right here.sign it!sign it now!
pam:  hi dad. yeah jim has shaving cream, check our bathroom.
lily:   im in here
sam:  i uh, im sorry i didnt uh, realize you were in a bath.do you want me to go
lily:  i want you to stay.
jim:  gimme a break
andy:  i know it man. you know, lilly was supposed to be nicole kidman, um and it was gonna be sophies mom, not grandmother. but then nicole kidman dropped out so they went with lily, with a small rewrite.
sam:   get that in there. oh yeah
lily:  get that done already
sam:  i know but if i get it in deeper…
jim:   can you believe this?  he was pretty talkative at breakfast
andy:  yeah… but… eh… breakfast? you mean when they were eating soup? i dont think that was breakfast. unless soup, does soup symbolize breakfast
pam:  so he doesnt share it with his daughter but he shares it with his daughters fiance
andy:  you guys, theyre making out.
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  um, did my dad say anything about my mom
jim:  mmm… nope, we mostly just talked about cereal
pam: 
jim:  what
pam:  i dunno. i mean, maybe hell talk to you about some of this stuff cause he cant really talk to me about it
jim:  mmm…
pam:  youre good to talk to
jim:   im ok, im not, great, and um… 
michael:   ohmmm… ohmmm… everybody sit on the floor indian style like me.  ohmmm my god if youre wearing a dress please keep your knees together nobody wants to see that ohmmm… ohmmm…
michael:  my goal is to make this office as peaceful a place for stanley hudson as i can. i think sounds have a lot to do with that. here are some downloaded peaceful sounds.  that one makes me think… of death. its kinda nice…
michael:   it is a beautiful, sunny day as we walk through the meadow that is very spiritual and relaxing and there are flowers and it is sunny and beautiful. now, up ahead, a castle, in a distance
jim:  dont open your eyes
pam:  what?  oh…
michael:  and you walk up toward the castle, and inside the castle are 4 men, and each of them, none of them have shoes, and they give you a funny cigarette, and you feel even more relaxed, and then you want ice cream. you want a big bowl of ice cream. what kind do you want? shout it out
meredith:  chunky monkey
michael:  too expensive
stanley:  chocolate
michael:  racism is dead stanley, you can have any kind of ice cream you want. what do you want?  what is that? people! please i told you to get rid of the cell phones
stanley:  its my bio-feedback machine.
michael:  oh, ok. what is that, like, a video game
stanley:  it alerts me when my stress level goes up so i can try to calm down
michael:  you have stress
stanley:  yes…
michael:  during our relaxation exercise
phyllis:  let me get you some water
michael:  no no, ill help you. ill help you up. here we go
stanley:  no, michael, no.
michael:  let me getcha
stanley:  would ya, would ya step back pleas
michael:  ok, alright
stanley:  please. a little further
michael:  ok.
stanley:  thats better.
michael:  ok… i think that thing is on the fritz. ahh… oscar, would you reach over and touch his thing? thats what he said! right guys, cause of gay?  lets give this a shot
michael:  hellloo…
kevin:  michael, i think youre whats stressing everybody out.
michael:  so… it wasnt dwight after all. looks like i am the killer. you never expect that youre the killer… its uh… great twist. great twist.
pam:  dunder mifflin this is pam. oh, hey mom. no, what did dad say?
pam:  what did you say to my dad
jim:  what
pam:  after you talked, he called my mom and said he was gonna look for an apartment
jim:  oh my god. pam, i dont know, i, nothing, truly, nothing. i mean, i, i just was honest with him and i, im so sorry, i dont know. ill call him again. 
jim:  fifty percent of marriages end in divorce, so… it was her parents or my parents…
pam:  what could jim have said to make my dad want to leave my mom? and at what point in our marriage is he gonna say it to me?
michael:  i dont get it. do i stress you out
dwight:  nothing stresses me out. except having to seek the approval of my inferiors
michael:  oh…
dwight:  speaking of which…
michael:  remember when people used to say boss, when they were describing something that was really cool like, those shoulder pads are really boss man… look at that perm, that perm is so boss. its what made me want to become a boss. and i looked so good in a perm and shoulder pads. but now, boss is just slang for jerk in charge.
michael:  ok everybody, ive figured it out. the reason that you are all so stressed around me is that you are too intimidated to tell me what you really think.  you are keeping these feelings inside, and that is whats causing stress. so, what is the solution? solution is honesty, laughter, and comedy. in short…
kelly:  a vacation
michael:  what? no. no, i am talking about a roast! of michael scott! oh cmon! who here has the comedy central roast channel? youve seen it right? everybody gets together, and everyone starts hurling insults at the one guy, and everybodys laughing, and everybodys hugging each other…
oscar:  michael are you serious? you really want us to roast you
michael:  si senor
oscar:  thats offensive
michael:  its not! its not offensive during a roast! anything goes! i want you guys to really get crackin on this. i want you to take me down. dont hold back. i want you to really make fun of anything about me. it could be my race, could be the fact that im so fit, or im a womanizer… fair game. whatever. i dont want to write your stuff for you, but i just want it to be good.
kevin:   oh my god… oh man… ohhhhh my god…
oscar:  i consider myself a good person. but im gonna try to make him cry.
michael:  i can already feel peoples stress starting to melt. i think theyre very excited about paying their respects this way. i have got to make sure that youtube comes down to tape this.
dwight:  may i have your attention please? sign in, sign in on the sign in sheet, the clipboard. this meeting is mandatory, if you do not sign in your name will not be counted. thank you
phyllis:  hey, this is your apology letter
dwight:  that was the last signature i needed
michael:  whoo!! welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. you are all jerks. just kidding, not yet anyway. welcome to the roast of mr. michael scott. if youre here for the grabowski wedding, it is the second door on the left.  so, we all know how these work, needs to get crazy, take your best shot. i am going to sit right here on my chair and… ah… whoever wants to come up and roast me, you may.  ok… lower the mic for the midget
angela:  if you ever wondered if you were michael scott, heres a quiz to help. if you ever put sunblock on a window, you might be michael scott. 
angela:  i normally dont enjoy making people laugh. 
angela:  if you ever called the fire department cause your head was stuck in your chair you might be
group:  michael scott!
michael:  hey hey, i dont go make burgers where you work and then tell you how to make burgers. ha ha!
kelly:  i have made a list of people that i would make out with before i would make out with michael scott. a turtle, a fridge, anybody from the warehouse, a woodchipper, kevin, a candle, and lord voldemort. anyway, happy birthday michael
michael:  youre so lucky! good one… 
meredith:  michael? you ran over me with your car. you posted a picture of my bare boobs on the bulletin board with a caption that said “gross”…
michael:  well…
meredith:  michael, you are the reason i drink. you are the reason i live to forget
michael:  pow pow pow… 
oscar:  
michael:   no! no, friends only. friends only. 
jim:  several times a day, michael says words that are way beyond my vocabulary
michael:  i know where this is goin
jim:  do ya?
michael:  no…
jim:  ok. remember spider face
michael:  no
jim:  ok. ‘cause the quote was, cut off your nose to spiderface
michael:  spite her – ok 
jim:  yeah… yep.
dwight:  how dare you all attack him like this.
michael:  oh, stop it dwight
dwight:  michael is your superior
michael:  no no no no no no
dwight:  okay, you should be bowing down in front of him
michael:  dwight youre supposed to do it this way
dwight:  ok, no, they dont understand who they have
michael:  that is the way youre supposed to do it, idiot
dwight:  youre interrupting me. im trying to get your back
michael:  idiot. idiot! idiot. idiot
dwight:  are you calling me an idiot
michael:  idiot.
dwight:  dont you ever talk to me that way. you pathetic, short little man. you dont have any friends, or any family, or any land. 
pam:  well i just want to take a minute to talk to you all about something very serious. once every hour, someone is involved in an internet scam. that man is michael scott.  hes supporting about 20 nigerian princesses
michael:  hey, ya know what? forgive me for caring. right
pam:  well, ya know, michael is a great delegator. he never does any work himself. ever. and one time, i walked in on him naked, and his thing is so small.  if it were an ipod it would be a shuffle!
michael:  can i make just a little announcement. in a professional roast, usually the roaster will say something nice about the roastee after theyre done, something about how much they love them, so, just, keep that in mind.
darryl:  mike claims, were all a family isnt that right
michael:  we are, we are a family.
darryl:  ok, so um, whats his name? all the way in the back there
michael:  oh very funny
darryl:  whats his name
michael:  uhh… hehe hah! im thinking roy
darryl:  roy left years ago. whats his name
michael:  i dont believe i have had the pleasure
darryl:  whats 
michael:  jefferson
darryl:  nope. his name is michael. 
andy:   what i hate about you, you really suck as a boss, youre the laziest, jerkiest and youre dumber than applesauce. were stuck listening to you all day, stanley tried to die just to get away, heeey, well its true. thats what i hate about you. thats what i hate about you. yeah. and now, a man that deserves no introduction, michael scott
michael:  haha ha. thank you very much, thank you. that was great. great job, great laughs. really, really went after my intelligence there.  dozens of online iq test might prove you wrong, but, and my thing isnt tiny, its average, so… get your facts straight.  so when i heard that there was going to be a roast in my honor, i thought  sorry.  i think i have a frog in my throat. um…  i decided to jot down some quick thoughts about you people, um, first up phyllis and kevin. uh um… 
pam:  dunder mifflin this is pam. uh, im sorry, michaels not here right now can i take a message? great. i will. thanks.
dwight:  its very unusual for michael not to show up to work. my guess? hes either deeply depressed, or an icicle has snapped off his roof and impaled his brain. he has this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them. and i always say michael, take two steps back, and stare at the icicle from the side. and hes like no, i like the way they look from standing directly underneath them.
kevin:   he is so dumb that he tries to put his m&amp;ms in alphabetical order.
oscar:  alright kevin. enough with the michael jokes. i think he got it bad enough yesterday
kevin:  im almost done
oscar:  that reeks, and im trying to eat
dwight:  attention everyone i just got a text from michael. he says personnel day. are we hiring
jim:  yep. youre being replaced
pam:  i think he meant personal day
dwight:  oh, thats quite a leap pam
phyllis:  i hope hes ok, i feel bad
creed:  give it up, hes dead
jim:  he just sent a text…
creed:  whats a text?
michael:   caw… caw… caw caw… caw…
michael:  you know sometimes, to get perspective, i like to think about a spaceman on a star incredibly far away. and, our problems dont matter to him, because were just a distant point of light. but he feels sorry for me, because he has an incredibly powerful microscope, and he can see my face.  im okay. no, im not.
pam:  phyllis theres a package for you
phyllis:  oh, ok.
dwight:   got it.
lily:   sam, sam sam. its not that you dumped my granddaughter, and its not that you want children. it, its that you lied to me. cant you see that? cant you see? oh, i can never trust you.
sam:  lilly no. lilly! lilly please! lilly stop! i dont care how much time we have left. i dont care what my friends say! and i dont care what your mom thinks! frankly im pretty sure shes not makin any sense. please. move back to my apartment.  lilly. im not giving up. im not giving up. lilly… lilly! push the reverse button! reverse the button
andy:   sam! sam!
pam: hey dad. no i know, mom told me. ok. yeah ill see ya then.
jim:  so what did he say? was it my fault
pam:  yeah. he said that you told him how much you love me. about how you feel when i walk in a room, and about how, youve never doubted for a second that im the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with. i guess hes never felt that with my mom, even at their best
jim:  you ok
pam:  yeah. 
pam: when youre a kid you assume your parents are soul mates. my kids are gonna be right about that. i guess it also means that sometimes love affairs look different to the people inside them. 
andy:  i am not insightful enough to be a movie critic. mm… maybe i could be a food critic. these muffins taste bad. hmm, or an art critic. that painting is bad.
pam:  michael! its really good to see you
dwight:  hey. why are you wearing a turtleneck
jim:  are you alright
oscar:  michael, i feel like i was a little harsh yesterday.
michael:  i um, i spent the afternoon in the park trying to feed the pigeons, i guess they all flew west for the winter, and i, i just had some thoughts that i wanted to share with you people
pam:  what
michael:  well i wrote them down so i wouldnt forget. jim, youre 611 and you weigh 90 pounds, gumby has a better body than you. boom. roasted. dwight, youre a kiss ass. boom. roasted. pam, you failed art school. boom. roasted. meredith, youve slept with so many guys youre starting to look like one. boom. roasted. kevin, i cant decide between a fat joke and a dumb joke. boom. roasted. creed, youre teeth called, your breath stinks. boom. roasted. angela wheres angela?  whoa there you are, i didnt see you there behind that grain of rice. boom. roasted. stanley, you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks. boom. roasted. oscar, you are…  oscar, youre gay
oscar:  wow
michael:  andy, cornell called, they think you suck. and youre gayer than oscar. boom. roasted.  alright. alright everybody, you know i kid, you know i kid. you guys are the reason i went into the paper business, so, uh, goodnight, god bless, god bless america, and get home safe. 
michael:  they say that laughter is the best medicine so stanley, you can throw away those pills. you are cured. actually, you should… better hold ontothem pills, just in case.
