erin:  dunder mifflin, this is erin… hes not available right now… uh huh… yes… sure, ill give him the message when he gets up– gets back.
jim:  michael had chicken potpie for lunch. actually, let me rephrase that, michael had an entire chicken pot pie for lunch, and- let me be more specific. michael ate an entire family-sized chicken potpie for lunch and then he promptly fell asleep, so were all trying to be very quiet so as to not wake him up before 5:00 pm. which, actually, should be in about… ten minutes.
jim:   okay, im gonna go in there and change the computer. are you sure you can change his watch
pam:   i can do it
dwight:   what do you need from me?
dwight:  normally i dont condone leaving early, but i have an appointment with the horse doctor. how that horse became a doctor, i dont know.  no, im kidding. hes just a regular doctor who shoots your horse in the head when its leg is broken.
michael:  
dwight:   like clockwork.
jim:   three, two, one…
michael:   uh oh. whats so funny
pam:  you had to be there
michael:  oh yay! geography joke.  oh! wow! okay. alright, lets all go home. come on. see you all tamale.
michael:  see you later
dwight:  bye michael!  yeah!
jim:   all right, you ready for this
pam:  yeah, we walk around, everyone sees our faces and we leave, right
jim:  yeah
pam:  okay
jim:  wait, should i have left the car running? 
pam:  oh, dont get us wrong, we like picnics
jim:  come on, who doesnt like a picnic
pam:  tell them what happened last year
jim:  i had this huge spider in my baseball mitt
pam:  no, no, that guy who hit on me
jim:  oh, right, some drunk guy hit on pam last year. said he was grabbing her for balance
pam:  yeah, you dont grab these  for balance
jim:  well…
dwight:  im gonna say 30
rolph:  ah, 40. insect repellent, which we clearly need, reduces the effectiveness of spf
dwight:  good point, but, thought of that already. combination spf/repellent
rolph:  woah. homemade
dwight:  of course. you think the epa would ever allow that much deet? 
dwight:  rolph is my best friend. we met in a shoe store. i heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any tracks.
kevin:  michael, isnt that holly
michael:  were just friends.  hey, hey, wait a second. who let you in here, is what i want to know
holly:  oh no, i see theyre letting just anybody in here
michael:  mmhmm. yeah, thats right
holly:  all right
michael:  all right. mmhmm.  hey
holly:  hi. you remember aj, my boyfriend
michael:  a little bit. uh, i meet a lot of people
aj:  hey michael
michael:  hey.  arrggh. so would you guys like some lemonade? or one of you? or both of you? either or. the combinations are endless
holly:  lemonade sounds great
michael:  okay
aj:  id love an iced tea, actually
michael:  you can go to hell.  im kidding. um, sure, i will get you the best iced tea in the world.
michael:  i lied to kevin. holly and i can never be just friends. i wrote down a list of bullet points why holly and i should be together, and im going to find the perfect moment today and i am going to tell her. number one: “holly, you and i are soup snakes.” the-and the reason is… because… in terms of the soup, we like to- that doesnt make any sense. were soul mates. holly and i are soul mates.
charles:  jim. pam
jim:  hey, how are you
pam:  hey charles
charles:  nice day, huh
jim:  yeah
charles:  must be nice to get a rest from all your rest.
jim:  i dont get it. hes not even my boss anymore
pam:  do you want me to beat him up for you
jim:  no, i shouldnt have to ask you to do stuff like that. you should just do it.
dwight:  listen up everyone! ive gone over this lineup very carefully. we cannot forget the humiliation we suffered last year at the softball game with jims whole spider-in-the-mitt incident. right
jim:  well, i couldve died, so… i looked it up online afterwards
dwight:  erin, back row. ryan, you move up a row
andy:  bro-migo, you think you could put erin on my row
dwight:  why? i dont understand
andy:  if
dwight:  woah, woah, woah. w-w-wait a minute. i get it. you want her to set you up so you can spike it
andy:  uh…
dwight:  ill tell you what, im gonna do you one better. im gonna put you next to phyllis. she is the best setter on the team
andy:  thats
dwight:  sly dog
andy:  … not what i meant
dwight:  come on, folks!
michael:  what is up with you two, holly
holly:  um, not much
aj:  were designing a house
michael:  cool. for who
aj:  for us
michael:  wow… im designing a chair. its part of your pants. you sit down, youre supported
holly:  i remember your chair pants idea.
aj:  i like that. put me down for a pair. im a size 34 waist
michael:  all right, fatty. i will do it. you know what, we should actually rehearse
holly:  okay, yeah
aj:  you guys are really gonna do this
michael:  you bet your fat ass we are.
michael:  well, in his infinite wisdom, david wallace has authorized us to put on a little presentation about the history of dunder mifflin
holly:  yep, the old comedy team is back together again
michael:  thats right
holly:   have ya hoyd the news? extry! extry! read all about it
michael:  newspapers for sale!
andy:   are you blind?! are you blind?!  sir, with the glasses, are you literally blind? im concerned you might be in danger
man:  these are expensive ray-bans, jackass
andy:  okay, i was just looking out for you.  youre doing great, by the way
erin:  thanks.
kevin:   i got it.
dwight:  ohh! oh, kevin! come on
andy:  are you blind?
dwight:  i couldve gotten that, idiot
andy:  can you see things with your eyeballs?
dwight:  its not a sledgehammer! come on, people! we need to get our heads in the game! lets focus! come on, youre better than this! i am better than this! phyllis, why are you sitting on the ground?
phyllis:  weve been out here for a while. i dont need this
dwight:  
dwight:   oh come- ryan, come on, man! w-w-wait. net. net. her hands on the net
woman:  so what
dwight:  rule violation. ball is ours. give it to me. our point. okay. hey, pam, how ya doin? hey, do you know if youre right-handed or left-handed? or do you even know? what hand do you use to answer the phone
pam:  back off, dwight.  hyuh!  what?
pam:  maybe i played a little in junior high… and in high school… maybe a little in college… and went to volleyball camp most summers.
pam:   hyuh!  well, look at that, we win
jim:  nice job, beesly
dwight:  yes! we advance to the next round
phyllis:  oh, lord in heaven
stanley:   had to be part of the group. 
michael:  i brought some snacky snacks, in case we get hungry
holly:  ooh, yes please.  mmm. so what do you have planned for us today? hmm
michael:   what
holly:  do you have a script for the sketch, or
michael:  um, no, i just thought wed wing it. that cool
holly:  crystal cool.
dwight:   hit it andy
andy:  bump! i bumped it
kevin:  set
dwight:  dont set it to yourself
kevin:   yeah
phyllis:  ow, my ankle
dwight:  what happened
phyllis:  i… twisted it
dwight:  you werent even moving.  okay, sub
angela:  i can play
rolph:  is there a… meredith here
meredith:  yeah! man in
angela:  rolph, did you not hear me
rolph:  i dont hear cheaters, tramps, or women who break my friends heart. lets go!
michael:  we could do a movie… sort of thing
holly:   we could do back to the future
michael:  oh
holly:  we have to convince dunder and mifflin to go back in time… fix their parents.
michael:  could we get a delorean
holly:  jaws. they swim in the ocean and they terrorize the whole community
michael:  oh!  dun-der. dun-der
holly:  dun-der. dun-der
michael:  dun-der. dun-der. dun-der. dun-der. blooo!!
holly:  oh… we havent found our great idea yet
michael:  no. no
holly:  oh
michael:  were circling it
holly:  hmm…
david:   nicely done. were still going to crush you though
charles:  yes we are
rolph:  you suckers are goin down! theyre gonna wipe their asses with your serves! piss all over your faces
dwight:  okay, rolph! woah. wait, wait-
rolph:  its true
toby:  ah, this reminds me of the hr convention last fall
kendall:  oh yeah, with bernie and efrem. that was hilarious
toby:  really, really funny
kendall:  really funny.
dwight:  listen guys, one more point and we play corporate.
oscar:  settle down gentlemen
pam:  good game!
david:  welcome to the 43rd annual company picnic, everybody. thanks for being here. now, a couple of employees have volunteered to entertain us with a song
michael:   uh, its a sketch now
david:  okay, introducing scrantons michael scott performing with nashuas holly flax! i have not seen this.
michael:  and now, presenting
both:  slumdunder mifflinaire!
michael: 
holly:  are you ready to play slumdunder mifflinaire
michael:  yes, i am
holly:  for one hundred dollars, where did dunder meet mifflin? a.) on easy street, b.) a tour of dartmouth college, c.) they never met, d.) brushing their teeth
michael:  ohh, im thinking… im going to say… b, tour of dartmouth college
holly:  that is correct!  how did you know that?!
michael:   ahhhh!! ohhh!! ahhh!! i was there! ahhh!! i was a tour guide at dartmouth college!! noooo!!
holly:   nice campus. think youll get in
michael:  yeah, im definitely getting in. im a shoo-in
holly:  im robert dunder
michael:  im robert mifflin.  ah, okay.
holly:  robert mifflin had a great life. but unfortunately, had undiagnosed depression, which over nine million americans suffer from and is very treatable. for two hundred and fifty dollars, how did he kill himself? a.) a rope, b.) a knife, c.) a gun, d.) brushing his teeth
michael:  two hundred and fifty dollars is more money than ive ever seen in my life. i will say, c, a gun. he shot himself in the head
holly:  that is correct
michael:  yes!
stanley:  i usually dont enjoy the theater, but this is delightful.
holly:  the economic downturn has been difficult recently, forcing the closures of both camden and yonkers, to be followed soon by what other branch? for five-hundred thousand dollars, is it a.) scranton, b.) buffalo, c.) utica, or d.) toothbrush
michael:  i will say b, buffalo! final answer
holly:  that is correct
holly:   how did you know that?
michael:  david wallace told me!
david:  uh, okay everyone, were at a picnic today
holly:  they didnt know
michael:   i guess not
david:  im sorry, this certainly wasnt the time or the place to announce this sort of thing, but there have been talks about closing the buffalo branch
david:  were- were closing the buffalo branch
david:  how could you possibly think that the right way to announce a branch closing was in a comedy sketch at the company picnic
michael:  well… i didnt know they didnt know
david:  what about the fact that theyre here today? what about that? that didnt throw up any alarms? no, michael needed a little bit for his comedy sketch, and he thought, “oh, this would be really funny.
michael:  thank you
david:  damn it, michael, i told you that in confidence. now i have to go over and deal with these employees and their families. a little boy just walked up to me and said, “is my daddy gonna have a job by christmas?
michael:  well, hes just thinking about his own gifts.
meredith:  maybe we shouldnt play due to the circumstances
dwight:  hey, people need volleyball now more than ever
pam:  how do you figure
dwight:  because if we dont play, then the other team wins
oscar:  dwights right. corporate deserves to get its ass kicked
pam:  lets do this.
andy:   jim, come on!
charles:  look who just woke up!  ive been up for a while
kevin:  its six to six. its a nail-biter.
angela:  kevin! now its seven-six, or is that too much accounting for you
rolph:  heres an accounting question for you: what does one fiance plus one lover equal? answer: one whore
dwight:  okay, knock it off, rolph
rolph:  what? she is sitting there, casting aspersions
dwight:  rolph, please. i am asking nicely
rolph:  no way! you dont mean that
dwight:  rolph, leave it alone!
erin:   yeah! boo-yah!
pam:   i got it
dwight:  pam
pam:   oof
jim:  you all right
pam:  yep. no, no, no, im fine
jim:  you sure
pam:  yeah
jim:  hey, easy, easy
charles:  woah, woah, woah, woah, you wanna get that looked at
pam:  no, no, its fine. just gimme a second
charles:  i dont know. you know, this is a company picnic, so technically that is a company injury, you know? safest thing to do is get that examined, right david
david:  yeah
jim:  all right, you know what? youre just trying to get rid of our best player
charles:  oh, jim, youre putting a volleyball game in front of your fiances health
jim:  no, uh
pam:  look, seriously, i can move it fine. come on, lets go, its our ball. lets go
charles:  yeah, i dont think we can let you play with that foot
dwight:   tell you what. i spotted a small hospital a few kilometers south of here. get her back as soon as possible. ill stall em
charles:  i guess thats it for you, jim
jim:  all right, you know what?  lets do this
pam:  well be back
dwight:  oh man, i am so mad that pam got hurt! argh!! rrrraah!!!  ill get it. 
michael:  probably shouldnt have mentioned buffalo
holly:  hindsight
michael:  shouldve had hindsight
holly:  how do you think it went before the buffalo thing
michael:  i think it went well. i think it was good
holly:  there werent any laughs
michael:  no, it was a tough audience
holly:  yeah, but we wrote it specifically for this audience
michael:  believe me, i have seen a lot of tough audiences in my time, and that was one of them
holly:  well, im glad we did it
michael:  me too.  we have a lot of good material for next years sketch
holly:  i cant wait.
jim:   yeah, shes with the nurse right now, so youll have to stall a little longer… no, dont send in the subs yet… dwight, i dont know. think of something
nurse:  to be safe, we should do an x-ray
pam:  how long will that take
nurse:  oh, shouldnt be too bad, its a slow day. so, no other radiation this year, no metal plates, no chance youre pregnant
pam:  im sorry, can we just hurry this up? ive got a game to get back to
nurse:  oh good, because my next question was “do you have a game to get back to.”
holly:  whatd you think
aj:  i loved it. you know, there was a part near the end that seemed like that went on a little long, but
michael:  well you guys should hit the road before… i close down another branch
holly:   okay. so good to see you
michael:  good to see you.  aj
aj:  michael. 
michael:  i didnt find a perfect moment, because i think that today was just about just having today. and i think that we are one of those couples with a long story, when people ask how they found each other. i will see her every now and then, and… maybe one year shell be with somebody, and the next year, ill be with somebody, and its gonna take a long time… and then its perfect. im in no rush.
david:  dwight, come on now, its time to put in the subs
charles:  yeah, it looks like pam wont make it back. okay
dwight:  okay. fine
charles:  all right! come on
dwight:  except, you know what? its not fine. how many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson? one? two? three? four
andy:  dwight
dwight:  no, no, hear me out. five? six
david:  dwight
dwight:  seven? can i finish please
david:  okay
dwight:  eight?
jim:   oh, dwight, were so close! just buy us a few more minutes… well, they just called me in for an update, so ill call you right back… okay… okay, great.  hey, dwight, uh… send in the subs!  ohh! 
