michael:  its britney bitch. and i am back, in the form of a new company. the michael scott paper company. okay. not gonna make this one. 
jim:  love the hair.
pam:  morning michael
michael:  hello! they took away my parking space but they cant take away my pride! 
michael:  i would like to invite you all to come away with me, on a journey.  welcome! to the michael scott paper company!
kelly:  so. i thought we could take the customer on a… then. then we could
jim:  you realize youre not actually talking to me, right
kelly:  and
charles:  hey kelly
kelly:  yes? charles, you wanted me
charles:  oh, i meant, i meant that kelly. 
jim:  the new receptionist is also named kelly. so kelly kapoor has decided to hover around my desk, so that she can run into his charles office every time he calls for kelly. she thinks if she says “you wanted me” enough, he will in fact want her. its not the worse plan shes ever had.
charles:  oh, and kelly
kelly:  yes charles? yes, you wanted me
charles:  okay, im gonna call you kapoor, okay? and you, hannon.
erin:  if were changing names, can i be erin? its my middle name
charles:  erin. okay, thats very pretty
kelly:  well you know what my middle name is? rajani ghana! and i hate it! i hate it
kevin:  i thought rajini ghanda was a boys name?
michael:  we are in the heart of it.  and the surge of water carries our business out to the sea
pam:  what should we do now
michael:  we wait, and hope that people show up to the pancake luncheon.
michael:  i dont know i think weve done absolutely everything you can do to prepare for the day. ive updated our contacts, i have gotten quotes from suppliers. i have sent out an e-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon. six yeses, one maybe, only eleven noes. um, and 788 not yet replieds. but of that group, 782 have viewed it.
michael:  i am going to need 800 of these, on nice bright paper. it is a coupon for unparalleled customer service. 
pam:  i make that one copy, and i become the girl who makes copies, and by the end of the day im receptionist again. and the worst part is, i like making copies. the paper comes out all warm and stuff. and its cold in there. cause its technically a closet.
andy:  what do you think
dwight:  let me check.  oh nope! clearly a hunter. who knows how to throw an outfit together
andy:  thank you!
dwight:  yes, i am taking andy hunting after work. not long ago we were sexual competitors. i used to hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him. i studied him, to figure out why i hated him so much.but that blossomed into a very real friendship, as these things often do.
ryan:  you should come into town this weekend man. yeah, well hang out scranton style.
michael:  hey you said you were gonna be out of town this weekend.
ryan:  please dont listen to my phone calls.yeah, shes like um, shed probably be a six in new york, but shes like a seven here in scranton. and then uh, my boss is my old boss from dunder mifflin. its a small space.
charles:  hey jim can i get a, um
jim:  hi!
charles:  hi. i need a rundown of your clients, can you get that to me
jim:  sure
charles:  yeah
jim:  okay.
jim:  what the hells a rundown?
jim:  when did you need that rundown by
charles:  as soon as possible
jim:  okay
charles:  just get it right
jim:  yeah. gotcha. of course. im gonna dive in. to the rundown. ill be exhausted cause its like a triathlon.  do you want to close this? close, or keep it?
erin:  oh
dwight:  you know theres a ghost in this offic
erin:  really
dwight:  a woman was murdered on this very floor in 1816. haddie mcgonagle. she was a prostitute
erin:  why was she in this building
dwight: oh, this whole place used to be a brothel. there was a tavern on the ground floor
erin:  thats crazy
dwight:  yeah isnt it? she was bludgeoned to death by the business end of a riding crop
erin:  oh my god
dwight:  it was gruesome. they say she walks these hallways. if you ever feel a tapping on your shoulder
erin:  hmm
dwight:  that could be haddie. begging for her life. and it could mean, that youre next
erin:  oh!
dwight:  just kidding. you finding everything okay
erin:  yeah.
dwight:  yeah
erin:  just got some ice.
dwight:  erin  erin
andy:  oh, this is awkward.
erin:  oops!
andy:  uh oh! oh! oh!
erin:  so ill see you guys around!
dwight:  hey buddy.
michael:  hey ryan?  could you get to that copy from before
ryan:  pams better at that stuf
pam:  that is so insulting
ryan:  how is it insulting to say that youre good at something
pam:  because the thing youre saying im good at, is pushing a big green button a bunch of times
ryan:  im not judging it, its like … i could run gm but i couldnt fix a car. its notsaying one is better than the other
pam:  seriously? because it sounds like one of those is better than the other
ryan:  what the hell?
michael:  listen. listen listen listen listen listen listen. i need someone to make a copy of this. because i dont make copies, im the boss. got it? i make originals
ryan:  yeah i make originals too
pam:  shut up!
michael:  stop it stop it! bickering! stop it
pam:  really
ryan:  yeah
toby:  not much? whats up with you?  nah its okay. im in the bathroom. hey you been watching damages this year? its so good. no, you gotta tune in, its as good as anything on hbo.  hey does blue go with tan
michael:  would someone just make the copy
toby:  i have like, like a blue shirt? i dont wear a lot of colors, i have a lot of tan. uh huh
michael:  just make that copy okay?
pam:  seriously? this is whats so important, putting naked pictures on the desktop
ryan:  thats me and my friend jonathan from thailand
pam:  i dont want to look at your friend jasmines boobs all day
ryan:  you could be hot too if you made any effort. at all
pam:  like how? dyeing my hair blond
ryan:  this is from the sun
pam:  oh yeah i bet
michael:  theyre getting on my nerves mom. both of them. r thinks hes too good to be here, and p is not as much fun without jim
pam:  michael, we can hear you
michael:  im on the phone, please. mom, im gonna have to call you back. ps being a giant b
pam:  okay its my turn
ryan:  no dont take that, give that back
pam:  give it back for what? whatre you gonna do with it?
ryan:  im gonna make a spreadsheet
pam:  youre gonna make another “spreadsheet.”
ryan:  yeah
pam:  yeah exactly. its my turn
ryan:  go make a copy, secretary
pam:  come on! ryan!
michael:  they always say that it is a mistake to hire your friends and they are right! so, i hired my best friends. and this is what i get?
dwight:  hey buddy, what are you up to
andy:  um, nerthing
dwight:  listen, when i saw you talking to erin earlier, i noticed that your pupils dilated, and your skin flushed, and im assuming, a little bit of blood rushed into your penis
andy:  pffft
dwight:  well, a little bit of blood rushed into mine as well, so where does that leave us
andy:  the last thing i want to do, is step on your funk man
dwight:  and i, yours. so i will cede her to you
andy:  no, thats ridiculous.
dwight:  no no no
andy:  look youve been here longer, and besides, im a better wingman than i am a boyfriend so
dwight:  look i just want you and i to hang out so, you know. just,  boom.
michael:  listen up. it has come to my attention that some people in this office are not getting along with other people in this office. and i think i have come up with the reason why. this office space is too small
pam:  definitely
michael:  okay. there are … 4 corners in this room. each corner is to be a personal space for each one of you. whichever corner you want. and make it your own
pam:  we could work from home
ryan:  or you could fire one of us. whoever has less education
michael:  okay guys, thank you for the offers. but i want you to get pumped about this corner idea. all right?1,2,3- what are we gonna do
pam: …. corner idea
michael:  no, youre supposed to say, “rock the house.
ryan:  rock the house
pam:  how would we know that?
jim:  hey dude, you know what a “rundown” is
oscar:  use it in a sentence
jim:  “uh, can you get this rundown for me?”
oscar:  try another sentence
jim:  “this rundown better be really good”
oscar:  i dont know but it sounds like the rundown is really important.
jim:  charles asked me to do this rundown of all my clients
oscar:  why dont you just ask him
jim:  no. i cant. it was like, hours ago
oscar:  what have you been doing
kevin:  try it in another sentence.
ryan:  last night was crazy. jojo? yeah. he did a donut in a parking lot in front of a cop. and then he yells, “hey cop, you like donuts?” then we drive off. no, he just stayed there.  i want that new phone. no, the other one. no the other one. no, you know which one im talking about its the one, the one with the awesome browser.  no, not that one.
michael:  thats my corner
pam:  i thought that was your corner
michael:  no, this is where i work. i cant relax in the same corner where i work
pam:  so my corners the one with the copier
michael:  pam, i dont make the rules.
ryan:  yeah. i wish my ipod could make phone calls. no i dont want an iphone, i know what an iphone is.
charles:  you started on that rundown yet
jim:  oh, this is just something im taking a break with
charles:  oh
jim:  i will get back to the rundown, uh, right now
charles:  okay, great
jim:  hey you know what? do you have a rundown that i could take a look at, just so i know what type of rundown youre looking for 
charles:  just keep it simple
jim:  keeping it simple -thats what im doing. but i am working hard on this one. real hard
charles:  youre working hard? on this
jim:  no. not too hard. not harder than i should
charles:  right. i mean why work harder than you should
jim:  no, i….
erin:  can i help you
pam:  no thanks
jim:  hey
pam:  hey im here to see charles
jim:  okay
pam:  hey charles
charles:  hey pam
pam:  i know youre a very busy man so ill cut right to the chase. id like my old job back
charles:  i dont know what to tell you. the jobs been taken
pam:  um, well, i could come back as a salesman. i have experience now
charles:  um
pam:  or i could come back as your personal assistant. you know? sort your mail, set your appointments. i know all the people.
charles:  yeah i know
pam:  personal shopper
charles:  no
pam:  well it was great catching up with you. and ill see you around the building
charles:  okay.
pam:  im just gonna sit here for a little bit longer if thats okay. the air smells so good. i dont remember it smelling so good. the chairs are so comfortable.
michael:  oh hey! stanley, phyllis. come on in. welcome, welcome. let me give you the tour
stanley:  i get it.  you need to see more
phyllis:  its really cute
michael:  thank you. you remember ryan  and pam is around here somewhere
stanley:  shes upstairs talking to charles
michael:  what for
stanley:  i dont know.
ryan:  are we staying til five
michael:  yes.
michael:  maybe the michael scott paper company was a huge mistake. i should leave. i should go, and start my own paper company. thatll show em.
michael:  get your free pancakes. they are delicious. they are nutritious. they are complimentary.  young sir, would you like a free pancake
ryan:  im texting. i dont want to get my fingers sticky
michael:  ryan, enough with the texting machine. come on. and tuck in your shirt, youre the face of this company
michael:  hey pam
pam:  hey
michael:  you sorta disappeared there for a while. where ya been
pam:  yeah, i needed to take care of some stuff
michael:  yeah
pam:  thats as specific as id like to be
michael:  well, at least youre still being honest with me.
jim:  theres the rundown you asked for. i may have expanded some areas that you werent prepared for
charles:  great. fax that to everyone on the distribution list
jim:  yeah sure. you want to look at it first
charles:  do i need to
jim:  no. no, i just wanted to make sure, it was in the same format. so that distribution list is gonna be my…
charles:  whats that
jim:  the one i have. ill use the one i have.
jim:  just faxing. my dad. a rundown.
pam:  were small, but were eager to make a name for ourselves
man:  do you have a card
pam:  nope, i dont have a card, but ill do you one better. a little scrap of paper.
creed:  these are terrible boss. you gotta make them in a circle so that they cook evenly
michael:  these are shaped like paper
creed:  well i dont even want these.
meredith:  ill take them for my kid.
erin:  country roads, take me home, to the place… sorry. i like that song. youre good
dwight:  youre good
erin:  thank you
andy:  that was great, but its just sort of, its still a little choppy like. but dont worry, its hard, it took me a while too. its like
erin:  wow
andy:  what? oh my god you heard that im so embarrassed. im like so rusty
dwight:  oh its good, youre coming along. its really technically proficient but really theres no heart or soul in it
andy:  really
dwight:  hey you want to sing with me? almost heaven…
dwight and erin:  west virginia, blue ridge mountain, shenandoah river
dwight:  in german! leben ist dort alt, alter als die baume, junger als die berge, wie eine brise blasen
dwight and andy:  take me home, country roads, to the place, i belong. west virginia, mountain momma, take me home, country roads.
dwight:  take it andy! take me home, to the place i belong, ba bah dah du
toby:  you have to stop. 
michael:  i once had a dream. that i was eating a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich. and, let me tell you something it was delicious. so the next day, i decided to make that sandwich. and in real life it is disgusting.  it is a disgusting sandwich.  and the reason i tell you this story.  pick up the phone
pam:  dunder miff…michael scott paper company, this is pam. oh, hi russell from the pancake luncheon, how are you? well wed like to do business with you too! how can we make that happen
ryan:  keep going.
michael:  dont tell them we have free delivery!
pam:  we already offered free delivery!
michael:  they dont know that
pam:  um, i can offer you free delivery on any order that you place today. okay, twenty boxes? i can do… just a second. i can do 20 boxes at 43 dollars a box. great
ryan:  write it down
michael:  give him a guarantee
pam:  a guarantee of what
michael:  just say the word
pam:  and i guarantee, that you will be satisfied! ‘cause your satisfaction is our guarantee! we guarantee it. we look forward to doing business with you too. thank you russell
michael:  yes
pam:  i made a sale
ryan:  oh
michael:  you did!
pam:  oh
michael:  oh yeah!
ryan:  we did it 
michael:  she did it
michael:  yeah! yeah! yeah! yeah! 
michael:  who would have thought, that the thing that would save this company would be work? and pancakes? in the end, this day definitely had its ups and downs. i realize that we dont have the biggest office. which is a surprise, because 165 square feet sounds like a lot. but, we have people with the biggest hearts. and i think for a small company that is really  someone went to the bathroom. that is really whats important.
andy:  literally every song is better a cappella. name a song
dwight:  cherry pie, warrant
andy:  better a cappella
dwight:  no! really
andy:  yeah. name another
dwight:  enter sandman, metallica
andy:  better a cappella
dwight:  rebel yell, billy ido
andy:  aw!! way better a cappell
dwight:  really
andy:  yeah.
