erin:  oh my god! i cant believe it! i jut won an art contest!
erin:   thanks. i still dont understand why you wanted me to say that
dwight:  shut up.
dwight:   i got her!
pam:  not cool, dwight.
jim:  not cool. 
michael:   oh, no. i still have the lease on the michael scott paper company, so occasionally i will sneak down here for a little coffee and dancing. i actually dance all the time. tip-toeing around corporate – it is a ballet. when i am breaking all the rules, i am break dancing. and expresso.
michael:  guys, im scared. im really scared. i think im growing into a giant. because look at this normal sized coffee cup. looks so tiny in my giant hand now. anybody want to go to lunch with me later on
dwight:  i do
michael:  okay. how about a woman? pam
pam:  oh, i cant do lunch. i was just sending you an email. jim and i need to leave early today to meet with our contractor.
michael:  oh, really? ok
pam:  just sent it
michael:  what about the rest of you? 
michael:  at dunder-mifflin there is a very strict no lunch with the boss policy and i dont know who instituted it. i think it started right after my predecessor stepped down, but at the michael scott paper company i really enjoyed having lunch with pam and ryan everyday. so, rules be damned, i wanna have lunch with these people.
michael:  who else? who else? ryan
ryan:  i dont do lunch. im eating five small meals a day now.
ryan:  now that im back to doing the job of a temp, again, i find that food is one thing i can control.
michael:  ok. anyone? anyone? at all? accounting? i am accounting on you to go to lunch with me
angela:  no. i dont want to stay late to have a two hour lunch
phyllis:  michael, we have a lot of work to do
michael:  what
phyllis:  work
michael:  ugh! god! what happened to you people?  we are just office drones. we are office drones. all we do is work… is work.
pam:  if you dont take out his battery, he just keeps going all day.
pam:  oh, no. your battery fell out
michael:   i… was just learning… to… love.
erin:  hi, guys. how you doing
dwight:  erin, how many times do i have to tell you? it is not necessary for you to ask us how we are doing every time you interact with us
erin:  right. im sorry
dwight:   now, how can i help you
erin:  did somebody here leave a map in the printer to youngstown, ohio
dwight:  attention, office. who here is planning a trip to youngstown, ohio? i will take your silence to mean that you are all hiding something. this location is the superior court –
pam:  so someone is going to a court. big deal
dwight:  it is a big deal. cause theres only a handful of reasons why someone would ever go to a courthouse in ohio and not be charged with a crime. to claim an inheritance from a deceased relative. to obtain a learners permit at age 14 and a half instead of 15. erin, let me see your birth certificate
erin:  sure.
jim:  there are other reasons to go to ohio
pam:  were getting married today
jim:  so, it turns out its the closest place to get a marriage license without a 3 day waiting period
pam:  tell em how it happened
jim:  ok. so, were going through all the wedding plans and, boy, it is complicated
pam:  and very expensive
jim:  very expensive. cause you say you want a small wedding and thats great but then you have to invite 
pam:  you cant leave anyone out
jim:  no one
pam:  ok, just get to the good part
jim:  ok. right. oh, so this morning we are having breakfast together and i just looked up from my cereal and i said, ” you know what i want to do today? i want to marry you.
pam:  i had just woken up. i didnt look cute. thats how i knew he meant it.
erin:  michael? michael sorry to bother you. are you going to be working down here? do you want these down here now
michael:  no work. no work. no work. i come in here to release frustration. ooh. ah. ah. ah. ooh
erin:  well, i like to swim
michael:  thats good
erin:  you have a cool place to come hang
michael:  if you ever want to come down here, doors always open, locks broken, so…
erin:  thanks
michael:  come on in. hey, hey, hey. here we go. here we go. yeah
erin:  wow
michael:  now you got it
erin:  now i do got it
michael:  now you got it. hey, you want some espresso
erin:  oh, yeah
michael:  you gotta keep yourself dehydrated
erin:  thats rule #1
michael:  ok. i love it. i love it
erin:  whew
michael:  i love it.
michael:  guys, i believe that i have figured out what is up your butts. theres no reason to be scared. the bad man is gone.charles is gone.
michael:  charles really did a number on these guys. they are way too focused on work. when i was in charge, this place was like dave and busters people just hanging out, having, fun, eating apps. i dont know. its like  dave died or something.
michael: daddys here and daddy is going to take care of you
oscar:  please dont refer to yourself as our daddy
michael:  i am your big daddy and i am gonna kiss da boo boo
andy:   wittle andy is afwaid
michael:  andys afwaid
andy:  yes
michael:  are you all afwaid
dwight:  no
michael:  daddys here for you. my wittle angels. ok. i think that i have figured a way to get you guys out of your funk
pam:  what
michael:  funk is the problem and the solution
jim:  that makes sense
michael:  ive taken my downstairs office and i have turned it into a place to hang out. a place where unattractive and attractive people can get together. to meet. to greet. to see the ones that you love. to love the ones that you see
oscar:  is this our punishment for not wanting to have lunch with you
michael:  why dont you get over lunch, oscar? everybody else is past it
dwight:   all work and no play makes michael a dull boy
meredith:  this is like a haunted coffeehouse thing
michael:  no. dwight is confusing you. that – its, its more of a disco
andy:  its like a haunted disco
michael:  … with coffee but without the haunted
phyllis:  its a combo dance house coffee bar
michael:  its a daytime disco on the ground floor of and industrial office building
erin:  its a cafe disco
michael:  exactly
kevin:  so, like, a disco cafe
michael:  wha – no. no. not even close. i cant force you to go down but i can entice you. im gonna be down there. erin will be down there from time to time… and all-you-can-eat espresso.
michael:  well, kevin, i guess it is just me and you
kevin:  yeah
michael:  holdin down the fort
kevin:  yeah. this place is great
michael:  thank you
angela:  oh, my god, kevin. i am still on hold. you were supposed to get the answer from michael and come back up
kevin:  im sorry
michael:  this is a no work zone. please respect the lei
kevin:  yeah. respect the lei
angela:  come
michael:  kevin, stay
angela:  kevin, come
michael:  kevin, stay
angela:  kevin, come
michael:  stay, stay
angela:  come on, right now
michael:  cookie. kevin, cookie
angela:  ugh. there is no cookie, kevin
kevin:   is there a cookie
michael:  mmm-hmm
angela:  wha –
michael:  come on
angela:  oh, for goodness sakes, kevin. theres no cookie. theres no cookie. come on. come
kevin:  i wanted a cookie
angela:  completely unacceptable.
michael:  now i know what the founders of phillip-morris felt like. you just want to give people a smooth, fun way to relax and suddenly youre just some terrible monster.
andy:   everybody dance now”, spins in chair] oww
phyllis:  aw, what the hell?  hi, jessica. is bob in
jessica:  oh, hes on a call
phyllis:  oh, ill just duck my head in
jessica:  its pretty important. he wouldnt want to be disturbed. can i give him a message before he gets off
phyllis:  tell him im going dancing downstairs in the storage closet between the bathrooms that used to be a utility shower and he should join me there
jessica:  ill let him know
phyllis:  mmm-hmm.
michael:  phyllis
phyllis:  hi
michael:  hey
phyllis:  hey. i like
michael:   alright. back. there you are. there you go. good. good. ooh. show me some attitude
phyllis:  oh! mother ******
michael:  oh, god! no! no! no! no! no
phyllis:  back
michael:  oh, wow! what did you do
phyllis: 
michael:  you didnt do that. youre ok. youre ok. lets lie down. you want to go down? alright
phyllis:  wow! sorry
michael:  ok. thats ok. thats not a problem. ok, sweetie
dwight:  hey! hey, hey, hey! i got your text. whos phillip
michael:  no. no. no
dwight:  who tipped you over? was it phillip
phyllis:  its my back
michael:  its her back. we just – we need – lets – you know what
phyllis:  call a doctor
michael:  were going to take care of you. were gonna get you help. lets – come on
phyllis:  no. call bob.
michael:  oh, no. no. no. this is no good
dwight:  yeah. back injuries are common. not as common as knee injuries but more common than wrist injuries
michael:  i dont need you to give me a history lesson. ok
dwight:  what do you think history is
michael:  its just, we need to get her out of here because no one is going to want to go in there with a woman writhing around on the floor. wait, wait, wait. but most importantly we need to get her some medical attention. asap. stat.
michael:   alright. here we go
dwight:  out of the way! move it or lose it
michael:  you having fun
erin:  oh, my god! what happened
michael:  what? oh, just having to much fun. phyllis, were going to put you in here. dwights going to take care of you
phyllis:  what? no. i thought we were going to the hospital
dwight:  you want to get sick you go to the hospital
michael:  ok, dwight. ok. good. i do not want anyone to worry
oscar:  what happened to phyllis
michael:  oh, you know. nohting. shes– we were hanging out at cafe disco and she had a flare up of am existing injury. but shes a tough, old bird. so…
angela:  can you please go back to work instead of masterminding these situations were in we hurt ourselves
michael:  ok. phyllis did injure herself. but she injured herself having fun and i dont think she would trade that memory for anything.
stanley:  i would like the memory of a day uninterrupted by this nonsense
michael:  you all took a life here today. you did. the life of the party. erin
erin:  yes
michael:  i want you to go downstairs and i want you to shut it down
erin:  like unplug the coffee machine and bring it up here
michael:  i dont care. bury it. i hope youre happy
dwight:   im gonna need two able bodied men.
kelly:  cafe disco? more like crappe disco
erin:  youre bad.
vrg 1:  the other room
vrg 2:  what other room
vrg 1:  down the hall
vrg 2:  theres girls in there
vrg 1:  whatd i just say
vrg 2:  you have another sandwich
vrg 1:  forget the sandwich. girls. girls.
michael:  i guess they got what they want. i am eating alone. might as well be dinner.
dwight:  you comfy? alright? alright. relax. relax, ok
phyllis:  dwight! dwight
dwight:  come on. relax. the shirt wasnt doing you any favors. if my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth
phyllis:  i do.
dwight:  no kidding! she sits three feet from me. its the most annoying thing.  its like children singing christmas carols.
andy:  yeah! i love the vibe down here
erin:  ashley! you made it
oscar:  you invited someone
erin:  oh, yeah. was i not allowed to do that
oscar:  ive been here 8 years and ive never…  rude.
andy:  im not sure, but im pretty sure im in a dance off. alright!
michael:  cafe disco is dead but i can still hear the music in my head
creed:  i hear it, too, boss.
michael:  its better than i imagined it!
phyllis:  that feels good, dwight
dwight:  tell me where it hurts
phylis:  right… mmmm… right there
dwight:  oh yeah. youve got a knot in your crest. this remedy has been passed down in my family for generations. and it always works. my grandfather was told that diamond dancer would never race again. they were wrong. he came in 9th in the apple creek derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year. a majestic beast. so fast. so tender.
michael:  welcome, welcome! cafe disco. i am michael scott
erin:  hey, angela! welcome to 
angela:  stop
michael:  angela. angela. angela. may i interest you in a triple espresso or perhaps a dance
angela:  no. i didnt come down here to get wet and wild. i just need you to sign these
michael:  oh. alright. there you go
angela:  no. you need to sign them all
michael:  no. no. no. here is the deal – one signature for every song
angela:  look, i hate to be “that” person but i just dont like the general spirit of music.
michael:  i know. i know, angela. a lot of people doubted cafe disco at first but it is a magical place. you have to give it a chance. if these walls could tale they would say, ” this is a magical place! you are safe here. we have talking walls. were not going to eat you.”  no.
dwight:  this is oil from the gland of an otter. it keeps their fur water resistant, as well as traps heat. now i need you to lie still for an hour.
phyllis:  an hour? i cant stay here an hour
dwight:  whoa! whoa, whoa, girl. whoa. whoa.
creed:  boss, this used to hang from my windshield but it belongs in here
michael:  hey, thank you, creed. youre really getting this place
creed:  no problem. ill just have no idea whos driving behind me now.
dwight:  im gonna with the python
phyllis:  but the rattlers so scary
dwight:  no. please. i find the rattle soothing. it puts me to sleep
phyllis:  i think bob is gonna cheat on me with his new secretary.
dwight:  whats so funny
phyllis:  when i say it out loud its so silly. 
michael:  hey! hey! angela, no! no cleaning up
angela:  you are forcing me to be down here. am i not allowed to have some fun
michael:  no… cleaning… up.
jim:   these are for you
pam:  theyre beautiful
jim:  you ready
pam:  yeah.
jim:  we should probably stop by. itd mean a lot to him.
michael:  hey! hey! jim and pam! can you believe this? its really happening
phyllis:  wanna dance, dwight
dwight:  ordinarily i would say no but you need to move to reduce lactic acid build-up. also, this song is fantastic
bob vance:  mind if i steal my wife
dwight:  you cant steal what is legally your property
bob vance:  are those staples?
andy:  this dance competition is not over
kelly:  what dance competition? i was just dancin casual with my friends, yall.
michael:  you guys are the best for coming. you dont have to stay if you dont want to. i understand
jim:  were gonna stay
michael:  really
jim:  yeah. at least for one more dance
michael:  oh, no. not me. not me. get out of here. cafe disco!  hey! come on, man. its not even to “y”.
pam:  this is so cheesy
jim:  yes
pam:  i like cheesy
jim:  me, too
pam:  yeah. i think maybe i want a “wedding” wedding
jim:  me, too
pam:  really
jim:  yeah.
michael:  would you like to dance
angela:  no. 
andy:  yeah. no. well, ok
kelly:  stop squirming
andy:  well, stop trying to poke me with a sharp thing
kelly:  you wanted to do this. just be brave
andy:  i, i – but youre not a professional and im thinking maybe we should have gone to a professional
kelly:  im doing it. no. im doing it for free. you have to stop squirming otherwise im gonna mess up
andy:  are you sure thats not the “gay” ear
kelly:  gay ear? are you 12 years old
andy:  well, i…
kelly:  look, im gonna count to 3
andy:  count to twen – count to twenty
kelly:  no. im gonna count to 3.
andy:  
kelly:  1… 2… 
andy:  agh! son of a bitch
kelly:  andy, that was just the ice
andy:  it was
kelly:  yeah. it was.
lynn:  hey, kevin
kevin:  hi. did you have bacon for breakfast
lynn:  no
kevin:  oh…cause you smell like bacon
lynn:  i didnt think i did. hows everything going
kevin:  tight. im going down the hall to this office to see michael – theres free espressos
lynn:  oh
kevin:  i would invite you but i remember that you just want to be friends
lynn:  we can still
kevin:  are you sure that you didnt eat bacon
lynn:  yes.
kevin:  oh. whatever it is i like it. bye.
lynn:  yes, i had some bacon this morning. i just didnt think it was anyones business.
kevin:  i love the smell of bacon on a woman.
kevin:  hey, lynn, its kevin. i was thinking about going and getting a coffee at the cafe disco, wondering if you want to go with. bye. angela, my stomach is really hurting
oscar:  just go down, kevin
michael:  my grandpa was the funnest guy i ever knew. he would sing. he would dance. he would….fall down. but then…he started going to these meetings and everything changed. he…stopped going out at night. he got a job. the fun just dried up. it was really sad. i dont want that to happen to you guys. im not gonna let it happen.
stanley:  how did i end up back in crazytown
dwight:  it is hard to imagine you playing softball
phyllis:  i was all-county my junior and senior years
dwight:  oh yeah? big deal. i once hit three home runs against little flower catholic
phyllis:  the girls school?
dwight:  i played high school softball. notice i didnt say “girls” high school softball. not after the landmark case of shrute vs. the lackawanna county board of education.that was one case the pennsylvania supreme court got right. i hit the ball right over the protest banners
dwight:   oh, no. i love ohio. next time youre there say “hi” to my cousin amel and then kick him in the groin area because hes a cheat and a ball hog. and if hes still married to clarissa, kick her in the groin area, too. ‘cause shes a heart breaking tart…and a ball hog
