michael: its 4:30 in the morning.do you know where your kids are?if you are ryans parents or pams parents or my parents, you do.theyre gonna be in this van.with me.who am i?nothing to fear.i am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route.
michael:   time to make the donuts. come on.whoa! no, i promise i wont do it again.come on. de-nied!
ryan:  weve been making 5:00 am deliveries for a couple weeks now.ever since ive gotten clean theres something about fresh morning air that… just really makes me sick.
michael:  hello! time to make the donuts!oh, halpert! whoa! boner patrol. arrest that man! your donuts make me go nuts! hey pam.
pam:  we got the van at a used car lot.we think it says “alleluia church of scranton.” in korean.it was either this or an old school bus with an owl living in it.
pam:  you didnt happen to bring any coffee, did you, michael
michael:  milk and sugar
pam:  oh, awesome.youre a life saver. wait, is this just milk and sugar
michael:  thats what i said
pam:  do you drink this every day
michael:  every morning.
michael:  were, uh, were doing okay.a couple weeks in and, um, were having fun.uh, yep.we have 20– of those
pam:   oh, oh, excuse me!sorry. sorry, no.its, uh, its a paper company now.its not for the church.
charles:  okay, who covers bans pet grooming
jim:  oh, theyre my client
charles: no, they were your client.they just called and told us theyre switching over to michael scott paper company
dwight:   shame, jim.i expected more
charles:  in the last month we have lost ten major clients to michael scott
stanley:  what are we supposed to do?they keep undercutting us on price
charles:  i dont want to hear excuses.i want to see improvements.this is unacceptable
andy:  hey, boss. uh, id just like to point out that i have been here less time than these guys
charles:  why are you telling me this
andy:  i just think the bar should be lower for a newbie
charles:  is this something you really want to have said
andy:  i dont want to have said that.but i think its important that you know it.
charles:  i dont know what to do to inspire these people. okay, maybe its my fault
dwight:  its not your fault. some people just dont want to be inspired
charles:  i wrote a memo to all departments asking them to find ways to save money but, uh–
angela:  charles, i got your memo. thank you. i want you to know im putting my foot down when it comes to expense reports.waste not, want not
charles:  uh, well said, angela
dwight:  been there, done that.
michael:  you know what we need?we need some couches in here
ryan:  michael, we should really consider getting a delivery guy
michael:  oh, you know what you would love? is if we built a loft
pam:  why would i love that? can we afford a delivery guy
michael:  like in a dorm room.you put your desk underneath, you have your loft up top.you can sleep up top
pam:  yeah, i know what a loft is
ryan:  most dorm rooms dont even have that
michael:  most do in the magazines
ryan:  lets see what a delivery guy costs
michael:  we should look into that.or we just go for the loft.
david wallace: would you let charles know that david is here, please?jim, hey
jim:  hey, david
dwight:  david wallace! hello, weve been expecting you, david wallace.charles and i were waiting for you
charles:  there he is. there he is.how was the trip up
david:  a lot better than a month at the scranton radisson, im sure.
charles:  oh, you know it hasnt been that bad.hasnt been that bad.these people are the salt of the earth down here.you couldnt ask for a better way to learn a company
david:  hmmm
charles:  i feel like i should be thanking you
david:  uh.
jim:  
charles:  the conference room is ready if we want to get started
david:  you know, i just want to address everyone first
charles:  oh yeah, take your time.stanley, pay attention
david: hi, everyone
kelly:  hi
david:  hi.uh, look its no secret–
kevin:  hi
david:  hello.uh, it is no secret that michael scott paper has siphoned off a large chunk of our core business.and im here– i just want to assure everyone that we think this is just a temporary setback
charles:  right
david:  okay
phyllis:  maybe, and i dont know, if you had just returned michaels call none of us wouldve lost clients
david:  ive been wondering that myself lately.were just gonna get started, were gonna figure this out. rest assured.jim, can you come in with us please
charles:  uh, jim hold on.  you know, david, uh, dwights been my guy.okay
david:  hmm
charles:  yeah, jim–
david:  i find that extraordinarily surprising
charles:  he shows promise and jim, i dont know– i– hes been a disappointment
david:  well bring them both in
charles:  okay, great.uh, dwight come on in.also, jim
dwight:  come along, afterthought.
michael:  how much can we afford to pay a delivery guy
financial guy:  well, if these numbers you gave me are correct–
michael:  they are correct, sir
financial guy:  then you cant afford to pay him anything
michael:  okay. a lame attempt at humor.swing and a miss
financial guy: your prices are too low
michael:  lowest in town
financial guy:  why do you think staples and dunder mifflin cant match your prices
pam:  corporate greed
ryan:  look, our price model is fine. i reviewed the numbers myself.over time with enough volume, we become profitable
financial guy:  yeah, with a fixed cost pricing model thats correct
ryan:  yeah
financial guy:  but you need to use a variable cost pricing model
michael: okay, sure. right, so– why dont you explain what that is to– so that they can under– just explain what that is
ryan:  explain what you think that is
financial guy:  okay
michael:  explain that
financial guy: as you sell more paper and your company grows, so will your costs. for example, delivery man, health care…
michael:  well, we dont–
financial guy:  …business expansion–
michael:  whatever, yeah
financial guy: at these prices, the more paper you sell, the less money youll make
michael:  our prices are the only thing keeping us in business
financial guy: theyre actually putting you out of business
michael:  okay, okay.hold on, hold on.ty, i would like you to crunch those numbers again
ty: its a program.theres no such thing–
michael:  just crunch em.just crunch em please
ty:   crunch
pam:  did it help?
michael:  hi, jerry.michael scott.well, this is slightly embarrassing.  um, im going to have to… ask you to pay me a little bit more money for that delivery we dropped off yesterday.yeah. we did. we got the check, but were just going to need a much, much bigger check.
pam:  when a child gets behind the wheel of a car and runs into a tree, you dont blame the child.he didnt know any better.you blame the 30-year-old woman who got in the passenger seat and said, “drive, kid.i trust you.”
jim:  now, would corporate approve a temporary price reduction for returning customers
charles:  god, no
dwight:  stupid.yeah, makes us look weak
charles:  i agree
dwight: i say we fill michaels office with bees.my apiarist owes me a favor
jim:  really? does he do good work or–
dwight:   no, jim. i use a bad apiarist.
david:  fellas, why dont we take a five-minute break and then we will come back, start fresh, sort this out
dwight:  five minutes exactly
charles:  okay.hey, dwight.can i talk to you
dwight:  sure thing
charles: yeah
jim:   hey. i saw you called.
jim :  youre just out of business?
pam:  we have maybe a month.i dont know what im gonna do
jim:  oh, yeah, well dont worry about it.well figure it out.well be okay
pam:  thats what michael said
jim:  oh, yeah. only this time we will be okay. oh, thats my new “dwight” ring
pam:  i like it
jim: good, right?hello
dwight:   idiot, were starting back up.this is dwight, by the way
jim:  oh, okay.  dont worry about it.
michael:  did i ever tell you about the day that steve martin died
pam:  steve martins not dead, michael
michael:  i know.but i always thought that the day that he died would be the worst day of my life.i was wrong.its this
pam:  you want to hear something sad?
michael:  i would love that.
pam:  so jim and i are getting married and the weddings really expensive.so i tried to get a job on the weekends to earn extra money.i applied to old navy, target and wal-mart.none of em called me back.not even for an interview
ryan:  i never went to thailand
pam:  really
ryan:  i went to fort lauderdale
michael:  was it nice
ryan:  yeah, it was amazing.there was a great pad thai place, though
michael:  i love pad thai
ryan: youve never had pad thai
michael:  no.theres a lot i havent done.
jim:  now, this is the projection over three months?
charles:  we still have the inventory sitting–
dwight:  let me float something out there, okay?can i just say– can i say something
david:  yeah, yeah
dwight:  there is a hive of bees outside the front door.we kidnap the queen, extract her alarm pheromones, place them on a flushable wipe, put that in his bathroom
david:  i cant believe im about to say this, but the cheapest option… is to make michael an offer
charles:  yes.yes, i was gonna say the same thing.we should buy him out
jim:  oh, but you didnt
dwight:  oh, man!if only michael had children.thats how you really apply the pressure
charles:  what is wrong with you
david:  jim, youre– youre pretty close with him.you think theyd be up for hearing an offer?
jim:  oh, i dont know. you know, theyve taken a good deal of clients, so–
david:  yeah
jim:  i mean i guess– i guess i could go down there and try to nudge them in the right direction
dwight:  you know what?why dont i do it, okay? michael adores me.im the man for this job.charles, you got my back on this
charles:  no, jim… i think you should go
jim:  okay, so ill be back in, um– back in a bit.
michael:   hmm
jim:  hey, can i talk to you guys for a second?
michael:  were not hiring, jim
jim:  actually here for something else
michael:  listen, i cant make you laugh right now
jim:  you know i love a good guessing game, but why dont i just tell you what im here for?turns out you guys have made a pretty big dent in the dunder mifflin sales
ryan:  oh, thats nice
jim:  david wallace has asked me to come down here and see if you would be interested in dunder mifflin buying you out
pam:  seriously?are you being serious
ryan:  hes bluffing, pam
michael:  jim, what you dont understand is that this companys worthl–
jim:  oh
michael:  no– we dont have–
jim:  oh!see im here to learn as little information as possible.all i really need to hear is if your incredibly successful company would be receptive to a buyout
michael:   uh… yes
pam:  yes
ryan:  maybe
jim: three yeses.i will see you titans of industry upstairs
michael:  yes, well, were not only tight-ends, we are also quarterbacks
jim:  missed the last part
michael:  thats a pun
jim:  got it
michael:  yep. oh… wow.
ryan:  okay, so you are not going to revealin any way that were broke
michael:  of course not.
ryan:  that were having any problem at all
michael:  nope, nope, nope
pam:  just to reiterate, none of us is going to say anything that might indicate that we are going broke
michael:  right, right. there is no way in hell that i am going to say that were broke.
michael:  oh, im really worried that im going to say it.
pam:  no, michael.
michael:  ah…
ryan:  no, man.youre– youre fine
pam:  we have to come from a position of strength
michael:  im good, im good.
ryan:  just put it out of your mind
michael:  it is.im good.
michael:  hello
erin:  hi
michael:  michael scott paper company to see mr. david wallace.i believe were expected. well, well, well. how the turntables…
david:  michael, in order to expedite these negotiations, we are prepared to make you a very generous offer
michael:  and we are prepared to reject that offer
ryan:  michael, youhavent even heard–
michael:  never accept their first offer.what is your second offer?
david:  $12,000
michael:  are you kidding me?that is insultingly low.i dont even want to hear what your first offer was.
angela:  what do you hear
kelly:  
david:  heres the situation.your company is four weeks old.i know this business.i know what suppliers are charging.i know you cant be making very much money.i dont know how your prices are so low, but i know it cant keep up that way.im sure youre scared.probably in debt. this is the best offer youre gonna get
michael:  ill see your situation and ill raise you a situation.your company is losing clients left and right.you have a stockholder meeting coming up and youre going to have to explain to them why your most profitable branch is bleeding.so they may be looking for a little change in the cfo.so i dont think i need to wait out dunder mifflin.i think i just have to wait out you
david:  okay, now i dont know that i can get this. i do have to go to the board for approval. hows about $60,000.hmm?$60,0000.michael?
michael:   well have to talk–
charles:  what
ryan:  well have to talk about this
pam:  mm-hmm
michael:  just amongst ourselves
david:  okay, yes. please take the room. be right outside.take your time
michael:  oh, my god. oh, my god
pam:  $60,000
michael:  we are so rich
pam:  are you kidding me?
dwight:  well, jerry, the one who got away.may i ask why youre leaving the michael scott paper company?really?please hold.charles
charles:  dwight.
dwight: may i have your attention?the michael scott paper company is broke
charles:  what?howd you hear that
dwight: theyve been calling all of their clients and begging them to pay more money.that can only mean one thing.theyre desperate.which can only mean one thing.theyre total failures
jim:  great work dwight
dwight:  quiet you
jim:  no, i mean, great detective work.‘cause this must be the first case youve ever cracked, right
dwight:  you dont crack a case.that has pejorative connotation.thats like calling a policeman a cop.you solve a case, and yes, ive solved plenty
charles:  so how long can they stay viable
jim:  what are your top five cases
dwight:  im gonna answer charles first
jim: because youve solved zero cases
dwight:  okay, one. case of the beet bandit.missing beets from all over the farm.no footprints. inside job.mose in socks.boom, case closed
charles:  okay, donot go anywhere near the conference room
dwight:  done
charles:  because you have embarrassed me for the last time today.got it
dwight:  im not– im not following you
charles:  you two are morons
jim:  got it
dwight:  wh–
charles:  get out.
david:  so youve thought it over, yes, and you accept our offer.we can finally put this whole thing behind us?hmm
michael:  no
pam:  can you give us another minute please
david:  yeah
charles:  oh, okay
pam:  michael
ryan:  how could you do this to me, michael?you just cost me $60,000
pam:  why are you assuming youd get the whole thing
michael:  its a lot of money, okay.but we need money coming in every week.we need jobs.wouldnt you rather have a fishing pole than a fish
ryan:  i would rather have $60,000, honestly
pam:  no, michaels right.jobs are safer
michael:  agreed
pam:  agreed.but thats all, okay
ryan:  yeah, discuss these things–
michael:  shut up, shut up.hello?
michael:  i want my old job back.i want my old parking space back.i want a sebring
charles: they dont make them anymore
michael:  and i want charles gone
david:  i am not firing charles.he is very valuable
charles:  thats very kind of you to say, david
michael:  i need him gone
david:  no
michael:  okay, then i want pam back
david:  uh, you already have a new receptionist–
michael: sales
pam:  thank you
david:  pams not a salesperson
michael:  yes, she is.at the michael scott paper company in its heyday
pam:  thats right
david:  okay.please continue
michael:  and ryan
david:  ryan cost dunder mifflin hundreds of thousands of dollars, michael.ryan is–
michael:  you know, david.i dont care if ryan murdered his entire family he is like a son to me
david:  do you realize what youre asking for here?youre talking about salary plus health benefits–
michael:  and dental this time
david:  insurance, taxes, social security for three people.this is a heck of a lot more than 60 grand.youre talking about a multi-million dollar buy-out
michael:  these are our demands
david:  your company cannot be worth that much
michael:  our company is worth nothing.thats the difference between you and i.business isnt about money to me, david.if tomorrow my company goes under, i will just start another paper company.andthen another and another and another.i have no shortage of company names
david:  michael–
michael:  thats one of em! yes.these are our demands.this is what we want.our balls are in your court
david:  okay.deal.okay
michael:  can we have the room please
david:  yeah.
ryan:  yes, yes, yes
pam:  alright
michael:  yes! can you believe it?thats what im talking about!
michael:  there are certain defining moments in a persons life.the day he is born.the day he grows hair.the day he starts a business. and the day he sells that business back to dunder mifflin.what have i learned from all of this?it is far too early to tell.i just know that i am flying high and i dont even want to think about it.i just want to enjoy it.
charles:  hey, guys–
michael:  no, no. youre done.
