pam:   well, i should go
jim:  alright.ill tell everybody here that you say hi
pam:  no, dont.im mad at them
jim:  why, what happened
pam:  not one of them called to congratulate me on our engagement
jim:  ah.that… they might be off the hook for because i… didnt tell them
pam:  what?why not
jim:  i just didnt, you know, want a deal
pam:  come on, it wont be that bad
jim:  ok.you know what?here we go.  uh, everybody?i just want to make an announcement.pam and i are engaged
pam:   hi everyone
oscar:  i thought you were already engaged
jim:  nope
angela:  that was roy.she was engaged to roy
jim:  thank you angela
kevin:  i got a gift for pam and roy.do i have to get another one
jim:  yes
andy:  a little close to my engagement there tuna, whats your game here
jim:  to get married
dwight:   shes not a virgin, you know
pam:  wow
michael:   whats going on
pam:  no, nothing.nothing michael!just saying hi.
creed:  the tall guy got engaged
michael:   to be married
jim:  yep.
pam:  sorry.
holly:  pencils down!  just kidding, take your time.
holly:  today is ethics day.after they finish their quiz im going to run my first ethics meeting here.its gonna be insaaaaane.no, its not.i have to read from the binder.
dwight:   i got it, i got it.
michael:  woo!alright!
michael:  “why are you helping her?youre not even dating.”shes my friend… and… ultimately my strategy is to merge this into a relationship… without her even knowing. uh…
michael:  ok, lets give it for miss… holly flaaaax!
holly:  thanks michael.  today were going to have a business ethics seminar because recently, without mentioning any names, there has been some misconduct at corporate and we have a very strict ethics policy and that employee has been fired
kevin:  oh come on!hes right there.  he was hired. oh check it out, “hired guy.
jim:  nice.
ryan:  ok, elephant in the room.lets talk about it.do i regret what i did?of course i do.even though it was an amazing ride, and ill give you an example.anyone see survivor season six?  anyone know joanna on that show?  in new york city, i hooked up with a girl who looked exactly like that.indistinguishable. so
michael:   ok.well done.good speech ryan, youre a good guy
holly:  lets start discussing those questionnaires that you filled in this morning.it is wrong to make personal calls during work hours. now, some of you marked that you very strongly agree.but ideally you would have selected totally agree
phyllis: i thought very strongly agree sounded stronger than totally agree
holly:  corporate would like to emphasize that ideally you would all totally agree with that statement
michael:  well, i think we can all totally agree that holly is totally fantastic.
holly:  thank you.in fact, spending a half hour at the water cooler during work hours is a form of stealing
kelly:  what
holly:  yes, its called time theft, and its the same as taking money from the company.can anyone think of examples of things that are over the line time wasters
stanley:  this meeting
andy:  hey-oh
dwight:  yes
michael:   cant set em up like that
kelly:  why is ok for smokers to take breaks all the time?if i want to go outside and hang out once an hour, then ill just take up smoking.ill do it.i dont care
meredith:  ill smoke with you.i got a bag of cigars in my purse
holly:  stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about
michael:  can we have a moment? can i talk to you for a sec?lot of good stuff. and you look… you look fantastic
dight:  michael
michael:  yeah
dwight:  what should we be working on while you guys are talking
michael:  do some… do some work.  people expect a lot from these meetings.laughter, sudden twists.surprise endings.you need to be robin williams and m. night shyamalan.you need to be robin shyamalan
holly:  well, i just have to get through the binder
michael:  do you… just… youre kind of losing them
holly:  i am
micheal:  yeah, dont think about the stakes.itll freak you out.
holly:  ok.  michael makes a really good point so, uh, lets just open this up a little bit. say my name is lauren and here i am shopping in a supermarket and i steal a pencil.thats not right
michael:   lauren,  enough with the pencils
holly:  no, i have to go over pencils and office supplies.its part of the ethics thing
oscar:  that isnt ethics.ethics is a real discussion of the competing conceptions of the good.this is just the corporate anti-shoplifting rules
andy:  ill drop an ethics bomb on you.would you steal bread to feed your family? … boom
oscar:  exactly, andy
andy:  yeah, i took intro to philosophy, 
dwight:  its a trick question.the bread is poisoned.also, its not your real family.youve been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.
andy:  no thats… not how it works
michael:  i would not… steal the bread.and i would not let my family go hungry
holly:  ok, but we should get back to business.have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the workplace
michael:  anybody?this is a chance for you to say something without any repercussions.stanley?oscar, come on
oscar:  pass
michael:  i will go first.when i discovered 
holly:  what was the dilemma
michael:  to tell you or not.and im glad i did.i feel very very good.cathartic.i promise you that you are not going to get into trouble.you can say anything you want with total and complete immunity
holly: oh— no no no
michael:  yeah, .come on, anybody.let it fly
oscar:  ok, once in a while ill take a long lunch
michael:  a siesta
dwight:  time thief.time thief!fire him
jim:  dwight, youve really never stolen any company time
dwight:  never
michael:  you are a thief of joy.anybody else.yeah
kelly:  sometimes i download pirated music onto my work computer
michael:  who hasnt?good.good!what else
holly:  no— i, id like to hear more about that
michael:  mmm
angela:  i once reported oscar to the ins.turns out hes clean, but im glad i did it
michael:  well, lets keep this party movin on
meredith:  ill go.have you guys ever met bruce meyers, the scranton rep for hammermill
michael:  bruuuuuuuuuce
meredith:  well for the past six years i have been sleeping with him in exchange for discounts on our supplies and outback steakhouse gift certificates
jim:  jackpot
michael:  ach! wuh
holly:  meredith, that is serious.i mean not only that a conflict of interests, theres also an exchange of goods
meredith:  exchange of steak.have you ever had sirloin steak, honey
michael:  thats crazy.thats crazy talk!meredith!the merenator, sleepin with suppliers!hoo-ooh!wow!what time we got?  you know what?thats a good place to end it.right there.this, i think, was a great ethics seminar.she has given us a lot of wonderful things to think about.right… what is wrong.whos to say?really.in the end.i mean because it is… unknowable.but, lets give her a round of applause.holly, everybody.holly!get back to work.   great job.i am truly impressed.that, uh, you really pulled that one out.classic.classic meeting.we should celebrate
holly:  michael, there is some serious issues with meredith
michael:  oh
holly:  i mean all of you have done things i wouldnt have done myself but merediths actions are really over the line
micheal:  nnyeah.what ya gonna do?
holly:  so, regarding this supplier, approximately how many liaisons have there been
meredith:  liaisons, you mean meet-ups?i dont know, once a month for six years.something like that
michael:  meredith, why dont you tell holly… its not what she thinks.nothing unethical happened… and that you just like to sleep around
meredith:  am i in trouble here or something
michael:  no… no, this is just a stupid formality
holly:  no, its not a formality.now, were these, um, meet-ups just personal?unrelated to business
meredith:  nah, i wouldnt have done it if it wasnt for the discount paper.theres not a lot of fruit in those looms
micheal:  ughh!for the love of god were trying to help you… stupid bag
holly:  what i dont understand is… why the steak coupons?i mean, if you were already getting the discounted paper
meredith: well its funny.maybe its a girl thing, but after we did it, and he would give me those coupons, i just felt good about myself.  hey whats going on here?i thought i had immunity
holly:  well unfortunately immunity or something being off the record does not really exist in the workplace.i mean ive never heard of anyone whos kept their job after something like this
meredith:  well… im not quitting.
jim:   yawn.four seconds
dwight:  what are you doing
jim:  oh you had said that you dont do anything personal during work time so… im just making sure
dwight:  oh, so wait a minute, youre going to time me every time i yawn?thats absurd.  really?  oh hey look, monkey knows how to use a stopwatch everybody!hes ti—
jim:  personal conversation.seventeen seconds
dwight:  there is no way that that was—
jim:   one second
michael:  well, well.holly… lujah!its a miracle, youre at your desk
holly:  its mike-raculous
michael:  hoo-ooh!reaching!youll get there.anyway, i was giving it some thought, and theres no reason that two attractive, good looking, intelligent, funny, attractive people cant, you know, just… sit down and work this whole meredith thing out.
holly:  sounds good
michael:  good.would you care to bang it out over lunch
holly:  oh i already bought this
michael:  oh no, no, no.your food is no good here, my lady.sorry!you know what?lets go out!dunder mifflins treat.um, actually youre not a client… so… well just split it?ethical.
holly:  so, ive gone over corporate policy
michael:  what do you think?what do you think of this place
holly:  oh, its very nice
michael:  istnt it?yeah, its kind of… business/romantic.so youre from des moines
holly:  mmm
michael:  wow, that sounds so… warm
holly:  in summer
michael:  here too.you know what my favorite season is
holly:  maybe we should talk about meredith first
michael:  yeah, get the boring stuff out of the way.autumn was what i was going to say.when the leaves change.its just, i… i think it is the most contemplative of seasons
holly:  ok, so i have gone over this and i have thought about it and i just dont think there is any way i can write a report that doesnt end with her being terminated
michael:  wow, terminator, terminator
holly:  im from da future
michael:  yeah.
jim:  hey, andy
andy:  yo
jim:  by any chance, did you see battlestar galactica last night
andy:  no, i did not.was that any good
jim:  actually not.it was really so-so
dwight:  ok.
jim:  i mean i like all the crazy monsters and stuff.you know, like klingons and wookies and all that but…  sorry, was there something you wanted to add, dwight
andy:  is that anything like the original battlestar galactica
jim:  you know, its weird.its practically a shot for shot remake
andy:  really?  huh, thats cool
jim:  storys kinda bland.its about this guy named dumbledore calrissian who needs to return the ring back to mordor
andy:  really?that doesnt sound right.
michael:  i just dont want my employees thinking that their jobs depend on performance.i mean, what sort of place is that to call home?and meredith needs this job.this is her main source of money
holly:  well, thats very sweet but we have to follow the protocol.those are the rules
michael:  ok, new idea.we dont report it at all.we just punish her
holly:  we punish her
michael:  mmhmm, tell her she cant have sex for six months
holly:  i dont think we could enforce that
michael:  i dont know.i saw this thing, like a belt with a key
holly:  a chastity belt
michael:  no, its more of a underwear garment that has little spikes like made of, sometimes they are made of metal.you know what i am talking about.you unlock a little door that… down… where you, where you put, where you put the…
jim:  he has not stopped working for a second.at 12:45 he sneezed while keeping his eyes open, which i always thought was impossible.at 1:32 he peed, and i know that because he did it in an open soda bottle under the desk while filling out expense reports.and on the flip side, i have been so busy watching him that i havent even started work.its exhausting, being this vigilant.ill probably have to go home early today.
michael:  i am just saying that i dont think that you understand what i am saying
holly:  no, you are saying that we should sweep it under the carpet, accept the discount on supplies, not fire meredith and pretend like the whole thing never happened
michael:  yes
holly:  what am i saying
michael:  well… bleh busted.i dont
holly:  im saying that her behavior is unethical and a little icky and i dont think i want to work in an environment where that sort of conduct is tolerated
michael:  well, you have to tolerate a lot when you are part of a family
holly:  its not a family.its a workplace.
michael:  i will be honest with you.that car ride did not go well and that was not my fault.the only reason i am standing out here right now is because i dont want to take the elevator with her.and i am holding on to her leftovers. 
jim:   19 minutes and 48 seconds.what were we doing for 19 minutes and 48 seconds
dwight:  none of your business
jim:  so i guess i can assume that was personal
dwight:   fine
jim:  so maybe youre not completely ethical after all
dwight:  yes, maybe im not. 
holly:  its been a little tense.people are suspicious of me.and my best friend in the office wont even talk to me. turns out being the morality police does not make you popular.i should know because in middle school i was the hall monitor and the kids used to stuff egg salad in my locker.i was just hoping middle school was over.
ryan: kendall from corporate hr is on line one and holly is on her way in too
michael:  whats the only thing worse than one hr rep
ryan:  two hr reps
michael:  you get me
holly:  can i sit
michael:  i dont know.can you?kendall, my main man
kendall:   listen, holly, michael, i just got the report that your branch submitted and theres a lot of stuff about a relationship meredith is having with.
holly:  yes, that came out during the ethics seminar
michael:  let the record show that it was during the immunity part of the seminar
kendall:  well, im not sure these circumstances warrant any action
holly:  oh, i think it is pretty clear that it was unethical
kendall:  well, from what i can gather it seems like a gray area.look, to be honest the company is getting a discount at a tough time in our balance sheet and i dont know that the right thing to do for the company is to turn our noses up at that
holly:  umm, kendall, i understand that the discount is good for the company but im just not happy about the way we are getting it
kendall:  i thought it was clear with you, holly.your task was to get signatures from the employees showing that they completed the training
holly:  no, i understand
kendall:  every other branch has managed to get this to us so if its not something you can handle then thats a different discussion
holly:  no.i can do it
kendall:  good.
michael:  how do you tell somebody that you care about deeply, “i told you so.”gently with a rose?in a funny way, like its a hilarious joke?or do you just let it go, because saying it would just make things worse? … probably the funny way.
holly:  can i have everyones attention?excuse me, may i have everyones attention, please.we need to finish the ethics seminar
andy:  no way, lady
kevin:  its a trap
holly:  everyone, please, i just need your signatures to show corporate that i gave you the training
meredith:  dont sign anything
michael:  ok, everybody listen up.if you are not in that conference room in two minutes i am going to kill you
stanley:  its a quarter to five and i have started to gather my things
michael:  get in there right now or im gonna lose it!
meredith:  am i getting fired
michael:  now is really not the time, meredith.
holly:  in this next section we examine the difference between sick days and personal days.sick days are only to be used when an illness precludes you form doing your job or can spread to your coworkers.personal days, on the other hand, are much more flexible.
phyllis:  thank you, meredith, this was delicious
meredith:  hey, where is the steak sauce
kevin:  i think were out
meredith:  i got some in my minivan somewhere
andy:  wait a second, how does the steak factor in again
kevin:  i think she got it as a tip, but i dont know why she didnt just take cash
phyllis:  i dont care what shes doing.i just hope she keeps doing it
stanley:  amen.just keep the ribs coming.
holly: stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about
oscar: thats a big ethical area?
oscar: listen, i would love to have an honest conversation with management about ethics.why isnt the company doing better?mmm… it could be the pad of post-its i took home last week.or it could be the twelve million dollars in deferred compensation in stock options they paid the ceo for a year of substandard performance.im sure well cover both in the seminar.
creed: ive done some things im not proud of.committed some atrocities in vietnam, uh, two years ago.princess cruise lines.
phyllis: during our honeymoon safari in africa, bob and i were driving late at night, and hed been drinking, and suddenly thump.we hit something with our jeep.it was probably a man.we didnt know what to do.we heard the police were corrupt and they might beat us, so we just kept driving as fast as we could.we bribed the airline, got on a plane that night, and fled home.maybe it was just an ostrich.in a soccer uniform
holly:  have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the work place
michael:  lets keep this rollin… ryan
jim:  oh, but you mean other than embezzling?
ryan:  fraud, jim, fraud
jim:  fraud
ryan:  sure, last year you guys were riding me really hard for the website and i just peeled out my z3 and i knocked the mirror off somebodys car.i never said a thing
kevin:  wait, what?
kevin:  you knocked the mirror off of my car
ryan:  yeah, isnt that messed up?
kevin:  yeah
ryan:  that guy did a lot of things im not proud of
kevin:  wait, when you say “that guy”, you mean you
ryan:  i mean the guy i used to be.im ryan 2.0 and if it makes you feel any better, that guy did a lot of messed up stuff to me too.
kevin:  no, you mean that you did a lot of messed up stuff to you… too
ryan:  look, i feel you okay?that guy took no responsibility for his actions.
kevin:  but are, are you gonna pay for my mirror
ryan:  if i have to answer for everything that guy did…  im never gonna move on
kevin:  it was like two hundred dollars
ryan:  were never going to get what need from that guy. 
ryan:  hey, anybody see a pair of sunglasses
kevin:  umm… i think i saw some in the kitchen.  oh! i didnt do that.that was kevin 1.0, but he hurt a lot of people ryan, and i cant accept responsibility for what he did.
meredith: what are we gonna do
stanley: about what
meredith: holly.shes on the warpath.she is gunning for all our jobs.do you guys have any dirt on her
phyllis: mmm… sometimes her stockings have a run in them
meredith: no.something i can blackmail her with
phyllis: one time i said good morning to her, and she didnt say it back
meredith: stanley, didnt she say a bunch of racist stuff to you
stanley: no, that was you
meredith: you werent even in the room!thanks for nothing.
meredith: hey, how did it go
michael: oh, cr…, oh, god.meredith, you know what?i just need a minute, okay
meredith: okay.
michael: what do you need
meredith: im getting fired, arent i?i cant get fired.i got nothing else.nothing.no skill set.cant type, bad on the phone, not great with people
michael: i… really want to keep you
meredith: where else am i gonna get another job that lets me come it at eleven and leave at four
michael: wait, what
meredith: i wish toby was still here
michael: nnnngah
