michael:  hup! 
pam:  things are a little slow here. and theres only so much cold-calling you can do in a day. turns out theres no limit to the number of cheese puffs you can throw at someones face
michael:  hup!
pam:  were getting pretty good at it.
jim:  andy put down a bunch of deposits on stuff for his wedding with angela, but then she was sleeping with dwight for… several years. wait, no, that cant be right
pam:  the timelines messy
jim:  anyway, now we are going bargain hunting in the haunted graveyard of their love.
andy:  this is my solo.
pam:  im confused. am i walking down the aisle to ‘you can call me al
andy:  trust me. you will not be walking. you will be boogie-ing
jim:  i am extremely interested. so, how much will all of this cost
andy:  well, 12 guys, airfare, three nights in a hotel, food per diem, table up front for merch… $9,000
pam:  i dont know. it seems like a lot for an a cappella group from a college we never went to.
andy:  did you even hear the music i just played for you
pam:  mm-hmm.
phyllis:  whats wrong with you
dwight:  these sleeves are cutting off my circulation. not enough blood getting to my hands
phyllis:  i think you look nice
dwight:  doesnt charles know hes compromising my attack readiness? its not a dress code. its a death sentence
charles:  looking good
dwight:  ‘kay, thank you. its a straight jacket!  okay.
dwight:  when michael was in charge, this place was like the roman empire. and the wild west. and war-torn poland. and poland. there was just a lot going on, so what you wore to work was the least of anybodys worries. and in that chaos, i soared.
michael:  hey
dwight:  hey. eds tires is thinking of making a change
michael:   is this good
dwight:  they have some great kitchen ideas
michael:  oh. okay. eds tires, huh
dwight:  its small, i know
michael:  i really appreciate it
dwight:  thanks, michael.  wait, what is this
michael:  its for your trouble
dwight:  wh-i dont need $6 to help a friend
michael:  no, no, listen, as a friend, i want you to have this
dwight:  michael, you know i cant take this
michael:  yes, i do
dwight:  but dont forget you owe me $10
michael:  that was four years ago. why dont you let it go
dwight:  michael.
andy:  what was up with pam being all pushy and negative in there
jim:  i think she just didnt want a crucifix cake
andy:  it scares me to see you going down a road that i went down
jim:  am i going down a road
andy:  when i see her bossing you around like that, it just makes me wonder if this thing really has the legs to go the distance
jim:  its so scary how right the things youre saying are. and youre coming at it with almost no knowledge, so of course i trust your opinion on this.
andy:  i know a few things about love.horrible, terrible, awful, awful things.
jim:  i was going to use today to purge my inbox, but now something much more pressing has come up.
michael:  eds tires. why dont you tell them that we have fewer clients, so we can spend more time with each of them. also, try to discuss it over indian food, and try to mention how you distrust women.
pam:  im not gonna do that
michael:  that is smart. that would not seem genuine. ryan
ryan:  i can get there
michael:  good, you take the lead on this one. also, do not forget that he has just gone through a messy divorce
ryan:  oh, awesome
michael:  bring it in. morning cheer.
pam:  im here. im a part of this now.
dwight:  you needed to speak to me
charles:  dwight, take a seat
dwight:  i prefer to stand. less blood clots
charles:  nah, thats weird. youre gonna sit.  great. you know, dwight, it has been quite a transition for all of us. are you happy with the way things have been runnin lately
dwight:  do you mean compared to the ways things ran with other bosses? comparisons are hard
charles:  ive just been impressed with your performance and i wanted to make sure good work doesnt go unnoticed
dwight:  your concern is noted
charles:  yeah, i like your work ethic. youre so… focused
dwight:  like a wolf. thank you
charles:  and i wanna start givin you more responsibility. what do you say you and i go out for a drink this week
dwight:  really
charles:  definitely
dwight:   its firm.
michael:   i need you to get me the prices that youre charging eds tires so i can undercut dunder mifflin
dwight:  i dont know that i can do that now. you know, uh, somethings come up
michael:  oh n- is it mose? did you put the cover on that well
dwight:  no, mose is fine. i roped it off. its not about mose. listen, things are changing here, michael, theyre changing fast.
michael:  im not following you
dwight:  imagine… someone has a personal hero they really wanna help. but then theres this new guy. very cool, very will smith-esque, who would not like it if he helped his hero
michael:  personal hero, cool new guy. okay, i think im getting your drift.
dwight:  good, do you see what im saying
michael:  crystal clear. so is this for a movie that youre writing?
dwight:  no
michael:  can i use it?
dwight:  no
michael:   dwight, are you talking about us
dwight:  it is possible that i could be talking about us
michael:  someone could say that it is like the situation that we are in now
dwight:  it is the situation that we are in now
michael:  so i would say that the old boss has always been good to dwight, and he was there first, so he has dibs. you respect dibs, dont you
dwight:  im not a barbarian
michael:  good. will you meet me in 20 minutes at the spot
dwight:  i will
michael:  dwight
dwight:  yes
michael:  is the cool new guy charles
dwight:  ive said too much
michael:  is it stanley?
jim:  hey, andy. you know ive been thinkin about what you said
andy:  ‘noishe
jim: -i just dont know if i can do it
andy:  thats interesting, because i hear what youre saying is that you want to do it, which means you can do it. believe me, i broke up with angela, and im like, the happiest guy ever. i mean, im so happy. im so happy. like, total freedom, you know
jim:  its just that pam gets me through the day, you know? i really rely on her. im pretty emotionally needy
andy:  and you know what? i am here for you. let me be your traveling pants.  ah, whatd you do that for
jim:   you know that i was doin this
andy:   totally
jim:  okay.
michael:  hello, dwight. whats with the shirt? are you alright
dwight:  im sorry, michae
charles:   hi, michael
michael:  oh my god! run! run! its a setup. setup!
charles:  no, mich-michael
michael:  dwight, run
charles:  michael, no, lets be cool, ok
michael:  you be cool
charles:  yes
michael:  just-whats going on
charles:  we need to talk about our two companies, and how we should behave. dwight tells me youve been pestering him for company info
michael:  mm-do… dwight would not
charles:  he did
dwight:  i did, michael.i was upset about the shirt sleeves at first, but now im okay with it.
charles:  michael, i want you to stop pestering my salesmen, and i want you to leave dunder mifflin alone. do you understand
michael:  i. understand. nothing.
michael:   wow
pam:  michael, are you alright
michael:  it was a setup. dwight told charles. he told him
pam:  tell us what youre talking about.
ryan:  yeah
michael:  its like, a girl says shell make out with you, but then her boyfriend is waiting around the corner with a pee-filled balloon.
pam:  we cant help you if you dont just tell us what happened
michael:  i got hit in the face with a pee-filled water balloon, pam, ok? i dont know how they did it. they filled the balloon with pee. a funnel? i dont know. is that clear enough for you?
andy:  hey, jim
jim:   i just totally blew a sales call
andy:  bro, i do that all the time
jim:  yeah, well, with you its different, okay? cause i just- i just suck. i just- i suck
andy:  tuna, be nice to my friend jim, ok
jim:  why? when i look in the mirror, i dont like the face that looks back
andy:  well, so what?your bodys a ten
jim:  forget it
andy:  jim
jim:  i said forget it. 
dwight:   dwight schrute
michael:  hello, traitor
dwight:  i think you have the wrong number, michael
michael:  i want you to listen to me, friend, and i want you to listen to me good. i am going to come at you, and i am going to come at you hard. i am going to steal all of your clients, and then i am going to kill them in front of you
pam:  michael
michael:  im just getting hardcore with him
ryan:  finally
michael:  yes, and hear me, dwight, when i say i brought you into this world, and i can take you out.  bill cosby.
dwight:   mr. schofield, please
secretary:  hes in a meeting
dwight:  dammit! 
michael:   is mr. schofield there
stanley:  so, you think michaels going after the whale, huh
dwight:  i have a long term relationship with harper collins publishers and mr. schofield. im not worried
phyllis:  you sound worried
dwight:  and you have bad skin. oh, look everyone, were all making observations! 
michael:   well, if you could do me a big favor and tell mr. schofield that michael scott has tickets to the wilkes-barre penguins game this weekend, and if he would like to join me… hello, daniel. how are you? uh-huh. i sure do. yes.  wanted to ask, did kathy ever make jv?
ryan:  look at that old dude and his rolodex go
pam:  i spent a month putting that rolodex on his blackberry, which he now uses as a nightlight
michael:  wow. high score?
dwight:  and no, i cannot lower my current prices.  hold on. hello? mr. schofield, thank you so much for taking the time to talk. i wanted to discuss your contract with us- oh, youre considering him. i thought michael scott left the paper business after his nervous breakdown.
dwight:  michael has been talking to my biggest client. master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater scranton area paper market.so its not exactly like ‘highlander, but still…
michael:  hello, dwight, ive been expecting your call. what do you want
dwight:  i would like to arrange a truce
michael:  so you heard schofield is considering a switch, and you want mercy
dwight:  meet me in our spot in four minutes.
michael:  no. no. you think i am going to fall for that? theres no
dwight:  michael
michael:  meet- ok, go to the spot and then walk 100 feet
dwight:  in which direction
michael:  toward the sun
dwight:  at what time
michael:  noon
dwight:  that
michael:  you have two seconds. 
dwight:   michael.  sorry
michael:  dwight
dwight:  michael
michael:  i hope youre not recording this conversation.  good. i cannot believe that you sided with charles
dwight:  you were making me do things that were not all right
michael:  so you just rat me out? you could have said no
dwight:  and not come through for you?
michael:  if you want a truce, i will give you a truce
dwight:  i want a truce
michael:  i do too
dwight:  let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at alfredos.
michael:  coopers
dwight:  i had fish yesterday
michael:  damn it.
michael:   oh. dwight-elicious. where you at
dwight:  oh, hi, michael. im so sorry im late. i got stuck in traffic
michael:  really? thats weird. we didnt see any
dwight:  i hit a bear.
michael:  what
dwight:  hes technically fine. i imagine the true horror will be when he wakes up in a zoo.  hey, listen, will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me, with extra cheese?
michael:  yeah, sure
dwight:  ok, i will see you very soon, alright? 
michael:  okay, see you in a bit. dwight hit a bear. hell be here in a sec.
pam:   sounds neat.
ryan:  we can spend a couple days there
pam:  oh my god, i think weve been robbed
michael:   yeah
dwight:  did you enjoy your lunch
michael:  dwight, not now, weve been robbed
dwight:  no, michael, you were sabotaged
michael:  no, dwight, we were robbed. how would you even know? youre still stuck in traffic.  you
dwight:  me
michael:  what about our truce
dwight:  i broke it
michael:  on purpose
dwight:  yes
michael:  why
dwight:  you think this is some kind of game? no, this is a war, and i will not stop, i will not rest. you have no idea what kind of enemy youve created. you have unleashed the wolf
michael:  be that as it may, i have your meatball parm sandwich here, and i am going to eat it
dwight:  and i knew that you would do that. the meatball parm is their worst sandwich
michael:  oh.  bastard!
dwight:  hi there. dwight schrute here. i was just calling to see if michael scott paper was meeting all of your paper needs, and how is  brenda, age four, ponytail, and simon, age 7? oh, you dont say.
dwight:   schrute comma dwight. and on the back he wrote, “great salesman, better friend.”  “tall” and “beets.”
dwight:  and say hello to cheri, who is your black wife.  i see youre begging for mercy, huh?well, you will find none here
michael:  dwight, do you mind if we talk
dwight:  sure. thatd be fine
michael:  if you keep coming after us, the michael scott paper company cannot succeed.
dwight:  this is war and that is what happens
michael:  oh, one more thing. im going to have you listen while i steal your biggest client
dwight:  oh, no. no. no. no. no
michael:  oh, uh oh, im turning you down right now
dwight:  michael! michael
michael:  you can hear me, but i cant hear you
secretary:  mr. schofields ready to see you now, mr. scott
michael:  oh, great. mr. schofields ready to see me. thank you so much
dwight:  dont let him in! hes a traitor! michael
michael:  walking in the door
mr. schofield:  michael, good to see you
michael:  mr. schofield, good to see you. and im closing the door. 
michael:   now, when dwight tells you that he will keep prices steady for a year, i think he is speaking out of turn.
mr. schofield:  really
michael:  yes. he does not have the authority to say that. i, on the other hand, am the president, the owner, and the founder. it is like you are buying software from bill gates
dwight:  are you saying you invented paper?
andy:   okay, okay
jim:  oh, god.
andy:  okay, tuna
kelly:  hey, guys
jim:  hey
andy:  hello.
andy:  excuse me, can i have your attention, everyone? heres the deal, everybody, jim halpert is very upset and disturbed. i dont know if it was something you did, something you said, a look you gave him, maybe it was nothing at all, but heres the deal, ok? it stops now
kevin:  i guess i could be nicer
phyllis:  andy, i think jim is messing with you
andy:  oh, really
phyllis:  mm-hmm. 
jim:  okay
andy:  yeah, okay, what the heck is happennin here
jim:  two things i need you to understand. one, pam and i are very happy together.
andy:  uh, thats not what was
jim:  and two, that stuff that happened with you and angela is a bummer, and i know you dont think youre ever gonna find someone else, but you will. i promise you, you will.
andy: oh man, he got me so good. i learned something about myself today. yeah. i wish this was a sofa, cause i feel like i could sit here and talk for hours.
michael:  what is that thing that dwight always says? paper is the soil in which the seeds of business grow
dwight:  its not the soil! its the manure! paper is the manure! on-time delivery is the soil! aah!
secretary:  uh, hello, dwight
dwight:  spin move
secretary:  oh
dwight:  ha ha! april 13th, 2002
mr. schofield:  dwight, im in a meeting
michael:  thats very rude
dwight:  i barge because i care. april 13th, 2002, that is the date when you tried to switch paper providers for an obscure sociology textbook, but were hung out to dry when the price of glossy stock increased
mr. schofield:  maybe we should schedule a meeting on our
dwight:  la la la! continuing.notice my persistence and recall. continuing! you called dunder mifflin, and your order was filled within an hour
michael:  im going to pull a date out of the air right now. april 13th, 2002. that is the last day that you evaluated your paper needs. is it not? we all know that the economy is bad, and bloated companies like dunder mifflin
dwight:  come on
michael:  are going to fall by the wayside. two of their branches have closed within the last year. the michael scott paper company, however, has opened a new branch this very month
dwight:  what hes not telling you is that he will abandon you
mr. schofield:  why dont you guys just e-mail me your best offers and we can finish it up that way
michael:  that sounds like a fantastic idea. i will see you this weekend for the penguins. box seats as usual
mr. schofield:  uh, ok, sure
michael:  good, good, good. i will see you
dwight:  thank you, mr. schofield, for your time. much appreciated. oh, and tell me, um, hows your gay son
mr. schofield:  excuse me?
michael:  i color code all my info. i wrote “gay son” in green. green means go, so i know to go ahead and shut up about it. orange means “orange you glad you didnt bring it up?” most colors mean “dont say it.”
dwight:  how is tom, the homosexual sophomore?
michael:  i wanted to start a company, not a war. because in a war, you always fight those you are closest to. and the great tragedy of the civil war is that brother fought against brother. for what? what purpose did that serve? apart from abolishing slavery? in that case, war was the right choice. this doesnt feel as important though. thats just how the world works, i guess.
michael:  he gives me leads and i take the leads from him and in exchange it makes him feel good. and if a friend cant make you feel good, then i dont want any friends. except dwight, because he is our only source of fertile leads.
michael:  dwight just got howard family dry cleaners
ryan:  uncle dave
michael:  hes undercutting us big time. hes actually taking a loss and paying the difference out of pocket
ryan:  thats my family. when you mess with my family, i cant be responsible for my actions
pam:  when are you ever responsible for your actions
ryan:  get off my ass, you hag
michael:  hey, hey, hey. something about that seems inappropriate.
michael:  betrayal aint just a river in egypt
andy:  who is that knocking on my taste buds? why, its mr. lemon. hmmm, nice to meet you
pam:  its good. but wont it feel weird cutting into a cross
andy:  dont think of it as a cross in the judeo-christian sense, think of it more as a symbol of your lives crossing in marriage
jim:  when i think of it like that, i do not think of the other connotations
andy:  yes
pam:  i dont think so, andy.
jim:  sorry. her day.
andy:  hey, bud
jim:  are they looking at me
andy:  who
jim:  everyone. everyone just keeps looking at me
andy:  are you sure
jim:  will you just talk to them, please? pam just knew
