kevin: at least once a year, i like to bring in some of my kevins famous chili.the trick is to undercook the onions.everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot.im serious about this stuff.im up the night before pressing garlic and dicing whole tomatoes.i toast my own ancho chilies.its a recipe passed down from malones for generations.its probably the thing i do best.
michael:  someone is returning!he started his own company, and now hes back.who could it be? ill give you a hint.he is a man.a man you have missed with all your heart.a man who has ruined all other men for you.who is it?
ryan:   who is it?
pam:   who is it?
michael:   its michael scott. hold it up.conference room, five minutes.
michael:  well, i guess the first order of business is to welcome back me, and pam and ryan. and how about casual friday again, huh?reinstituting casual friday?you all look great.what i want to do right now is try something a little different.im going to throw it out there, starting with this meeting.i want you guys to run it.i want you to say whatever you want,take it away.your meeting.
dwight:  wh–what are you doing?
michael:  if there is something that you would like to say as a group, then by all means, you may say it to me right now.
angela:  okay.
michael:  yes.
angela:  people are dressed inappropriately.
michael:  take it up with toby.what i want you to do, is i want you to look inward.and i want you to reflect.and i want you to say something different.
jim: can you give us a hint?
michael:  when i needed salespeople for my new paper company,everyone here turned their back on me.am i going to ask them to beg for forgiveness?no. am i going to ask for big, crying apology? no.am i going to ask them to slit their wrists for me? no.i just want a tiny, microscopic version of that.
michael:  oscar, what were you going to say?
oscar:  nothing.i didnt say anything.
michael: all right.
erin:  do i still have a job here?
michael:  not important.  okay, alright.yes. yes, you have a job.frankly, you have a job because ryan and pam are starting with us as salesmen.
dwight:  wait, what?
stanley:  how is that going to work?
michael:  its going to work very smoothly, because pam and ryan are bringing over a ton of clients from michael scott paper company and–
phyllis:  you mean the clients you stole from us.
dwight:  yeah , arent we getting those clients back?
michael: no, you lost those clients.
andy:  i call foul, sir.
michael:  okay.
dwight:  you were bought out.so the company then bought out all of the stolen clients. 
michael: okay, dwight.let me explain something to you.i set the rules and you follow them.blindly. okay?and if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaint department.its a trash can.
meredith:   dont fall in love with me, kid.
pam: boscovs at the steamtown mall?
phyllis:  it sure looked good on the mannequin.
pam:  well, you have good taste.
phyllis:  well, thanks.i sure wish i had more time to talk to my clients, though.
pam:  what?
phyllis:  isnt that what you said to a bunch of my clients when you were stealing them?that i didnt have enough time for them?
pam: oh, i, um…
phyllis:  close your mouth, sweetie.you look like a trout.
angela:  the man is wearing sandals.i dont need to see oscars toes at work.gross!i mean he looks like he just got off the boat.
toby:  cant you just not look at his feet?
angela:  excuse me? oh. youre so educated, arent you toby?so trained to deal with a hysterical woman.i dont want to look at his feet. do your job!
toby:  well, i was in the seminary for a year and dropped out cause i wanted to have sex with this girl, cathy.followed her to scranton.took the first job i could find in h.r.later she divorced me.so no, i wouldnt say i have a passion for h.r.
michael:   there you are, my friend.
ryan:  oh, thanks, man.
michael:  pamela.
pam:  thank, michael.
michael:  yep.
dwight:  fresh hot ink.
stanley:  “new file system”.
dwight:  trust me, stanley,youre going to want to read this memo very carefully.
stanley:  i am not changing the way i do my files.
dwight:  no, no.this goes for all of you.believe me, you are going to want to heat my words.
dwight:  when held over heat the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately.do not ask me where i got the invisible ink.urine.it was urine.
oscar:  im sorry youre offended by my shoes, but i am not going to drive home to change.
toby: i could loan you a pair of socks.
oscar:  no.
toby:  no, theyre clean.i was going to wear them to volleyball practice later.
oscar:  i dont think so.
andy: andrew bernard.
dwight:  okay, what are you still doing at your desk?
andy:  what are you still doing not at your desk?
dwight:  did you even read the memo?
andy: all my files are now in reverse alphabetical order–
dwight:  no, you idiot.there is a code embedded in the memo.listen, you need to round up all the salesmen, except for ryan and pam, and get them down to the warehouse pronto.
andy:  oh, it is on like a prawn who yawns at dawn.
dwight:  stop doing rhyming poetry.just tell them, please.god, the simplest thing.
dwight:  were in crisis mode here, do you understand?the two unqualified so-called salespeople are being favored because they all failed together.and frankly, im not convinced that michael and pam didnt have a thing going while they were gone.
jim:  can i address that?
dwight:  no, youre too close.
jim: okay.
dwight: stanley, how do you feel about those two taking your clients?
stanley:  its not right.i dont like it. 
dwight:  he doesnt like it.
phyllis:  you dont take my clients away and give them to a secretary. no offense, jim.i think shes very pretty.
dwight:  her face is okay, but– jesus!what –what are you doing here?
meredith: i dont know.i saw a crowd.i thought there might be a dogfight or something–
dwight: get out!we need to do something.im thinking maybe a coup or we take ryan hostage.
phyllis:  those sound too harsh.
dwight:  no, im not saying we do those things.im saying something like those things.
jim:  of course.what is like a hostage?
dwight:  excellent question.
andy:  we could write a strong-worded letter.
dwight:  words will never be enough.
jim:  strongly-painted picture.
dwight:  no, pictures are too interpretive.
jim:  can i just say something?i know that tempers are high, but i think the best way to handle this might be to just talk to michael directly.
dwight:  oh.well, that–thats a great idea, jim.oh, i totally see your point.okay, well talk to michael directly.so uh,meeting is over, i guess.ill see everyone upstairs.
jim:  great.see you upstairs.
dwight:  cmon. guys. psst, listen.now is the time for action.im talking action–
pam:  that ones great.
michael:  i know.
ryan:  you look so classy in that picture.
michael:  i do?well–where is that bowl?
jim:  hey, you have a second?
michael:  michael scott paper company only.
jim:  yeah, i think youre going to want to cool it with that cause its starting to upset the other salesmen.
michael:  okay, well—
ryan:  tough.
michael: i will–no, no.ill talk to them when they all get back from the bathroom.
jim: this is awkward to talk about, but there may or may not be–but definitely is–a mutinyforming in the warehouse right now.
michael:  against who?
ryan:  you.us.
pam:  what?
ryan: its gotta be because they all want their clients.
michael:  the old michael scott might have taken this, but not the new michael scott.they are in for a bitter surprise.i am not to be truffled with.
michael:  six weeks ago, none of these people wanted to come with me.you two were the only ones with the stones to follow.
pam:  mm-hmmm.
michael:  that wasus, right there.
pam: we were something else.
ryan:  what you gotta do is you gotta go down to that warehouse and you gotta crack some skulls.
michael:  mm-hmm.
ryan:  chiklis style.
michael:  yeah, the commish.
ryan:  yes, but chiklis shield style.not commish style.
michael:  yeah, yeah. the shield.
creed:  its crazy whats going on out there today, huh?
jim:  i know.yeah, its…kinda–
creed:  sometimes its best just to say out of it.
jim:  thats true.thats right.yeah.
creed:  want to play a game?
michael:  hey gang. where you been?
dwight:  lunch.
michael: whered you eat?
phyllis:  a restaurant.
michael:  whatd you have, stanley?
andy:  i had a salmon salad.with water, no ice.i was going to get a soda, but the waiter talked me out of it.her name was flo, she had black hair. 
stanley:  i had mexican food.
michael:  so since you guys already ate, you wont be eating the stuff you brought with you for lunch, will you? oh, wow, stanley.is that egg salad?andy brought some salmon.
ryan: that looks great.
michael:  dwight, is that a meat sandwich?you guys hungry?
ryan:  i can eat.
michael:  im going to o have some of this meat sandwich.
dwight:  its pony. 
michael:  mom. what kind of sauce is on your salmon?
andy:  dijonnaise.
michael: mmm.thanks for going out, guys.
pam:  mmm.
toby:  hey, meredith.can i talk to you privately for a second?
meredith:  about what?
toby: your outfit.
meredith:  what? whats wrong with my outfit?
toby:  you–you might consider pulling it down a touch.its ri–its riding up a little high.
meredith:  a bunch of prudes.you know, oscars allowed to wear sandals,but im not allowed to wear open-toed shoes?is that how it goes?
oscar:  meredith, your boob is out. 
meredith:  fine.
angela:  meredith, too far!
kelly:  dammit, meredith, where are your panties?
meredith:  its casual day.happy?
creed:  no. if you do that, im gonna do that.if you do that, im gonna do that.if you do this, im gonna do that.
jim:  well, what if i just do this?
creed:  you dont want to do that.
jim:  im just hiding out until all this stuff blows over.with creed. playing chess. at work.hes winning.i feel like im describing a dream i had.
ryan:  im sorry you feel that way, mr. bart.is there anything i can do to make things better?
dwight:  whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.give me the phone.give me the phone.
ryan:  exactly.
dwight:  thats my client.
ryan:  exactly.this is your first complaint in ten years.
dwight:  give me the phone.
ryan: things have been generally good.
dwight:  give me the phone.tell him dwight schrute wants to talk to him. 
ryan:  look, uh, mr. bart…
dwight:  hi, mr. bart.
ryan:  at these prices with this service…
dwight: hey, its dwight here.give me the phone.
ryan:  youre not gonna find this anywhere else.
dwight:  dwight schrute here.hey, dont hang up.
ryan:  no, no, no.sir, dont listen.
dwight:  i know times are tough right now,and i laud your thriftiness.  ryan!
phyllis:  ryan, hand the phone over.
ryan:  stop flustering me, everybody!
stanley:  who let this boy on the phone?
dwight:  ah! mr. bart!ugh! [slams phone down[ i cannot believe you lost that account.he was my client for ten years!
pam: you made him lose the account by screaming at him the entire time.its okay, ryan.
dwight:  youre a secretary! what do you know?
ryan:  okay.
dwight: and youre a temp and im taking your phone.im confiscating this.
michael:  hey, hey guys.you know what i want you to do?shake hands, get over it.that was not a shake, dwight.
dwight:  we want our clients back or we quit, michael.
michael:  who quits?
phyllis:  me.
stanley:  and me. 
andy:  me too.
michael:  you guys gotta be kidding.
dwight:  no, we gotta be deadly serious.well start our own paper company.the schrute-bernard-lapin-vance…stanley paper company.
michael:  i love it.i love this idea, and i fully support you.as a matter of fact, im going to give you some seed money. there you go.theres some seed money for you.and you can take it, no hard feelings.but if you stay, i want an apology,and i want a big one.
stanley:  you want us to apologize to you?
michael:  yes i do.
andy:  thats completely backwards.
michael: its frontwards.
phyllis:  michael, you thought you were attacking corporate, but we were the ones who got hurt.you should be apologizing to us.
stanley:  thats right.
dwight:  right.
phyllis:  michael, you always said we were a family.then you went after us.
michael:  no matter how i look at this, i am in the wrong.and i have looked at this thing, like a hundred different ways.from my point of view, from their point of view…98 others.and the bottom line, i am in the wrong.im the bad guy.
michael:  i need you to arrange a meeting between me and the sales staff without ryan and pam knowing.
dwight:  gasp.are you talking about a secret meeting?
michael: whatever you guys did earlier.
dwight:  i dont know that first things about secret meetings.
michael:  just do it, okay?
dwight:  ill do–
michael: get em there.get em there.
dwight: ill do the best i can.
michael:  are you kidding me?
dwight:  deceit does not come easy to me.
michael:  okay, okay, okay.
erin:  i really love your outfit.
kelly:  thank you so much for saying that.i cant believe that toby thinks this is inappropriate.
erin:  you look like j-lo.
michael:  so from the bottom of my heart to the top of my heart, i am sorry.
stanley:  are you giving us our clients back?
michael:  if we could just focus and go down the line, and everyone would say,“apology accepted”, i think we would all feel better.and then we can break outmy gift to you–complimentary white chocolate bark.
stanley:  nobody likes that stuff except for you.
michael:  they wouldnt make it unless people liked it.
phyllis:  michael, just give us our clients back.thats all we care about.
michael:  okay.if i give you your clients back there wont be enough clients for ryan and pam, and i promised both of them they were gonna be salespeople.
stanley:  so?
michael:  fine, have your clients.i can see thats what you wanted all along. however, i rescind my apology.
dwight: thats fair.
michael:  you are not reacting at all as i had hoped.
darryl:  whatd i tell you about building forts in my warehouse?
ryan:  michael gave all of our clients back to their old salespeople, so now theres not enough for both me and pam to stay on.
pam:  he can only keep one of us as a salesperson now.hell make his decision by the end of the day.
ryan: i think you should get it.you really grew into it.
pam:  oh.i think you should get it.youve changed a lot and youd be good at it.
ryan:  if you really think that, will you tell that to michael?that would go a long way coming from you.
pam:  yeah.
ryan:  thanks.
creed:  so hey, im want to set you up with my daughter. 
jim: oh, im engaged to pam.
creed:  i thought you were gay.
jim: then why would you want to set me up with your daughter?
creed: i dont know.
michael:  jim. can i talk to you for a minute?
jim:  sure.let me just finish this turn.
michael:  and bingo was his name.lets go.
creed:  challenge.
michael:  i need your help.this whole pam/ryan debate is screwing with my head.
jim:  i dont want to be biased, but i am very close to ryan.you know that.
michael:  youre close with pam too.
jim:  eh, shes nice, i guess.you know what?best thing to do, pros and cons list.
michael:  pro for ryan, he went to business school, hes my number one choice.
jim:  well, thats–
michael:  i like his hair.
jim:  cons, ryan.he defrauded the company.he has never made a sale.
michael:  okay.
jim:  he definitely stole my ipod.
michael:  that sounds pretty biased.
jim: you didnt hear my pros.environmentally-conscious cause his mom drives him to work everyday.
michael: okay. pam, pros.
jim:  mm-hmm.
michael: i like her.i think that she is a fast learner.cons, she doesnt always follow through.sh–new york and the whole art school thing.and roy.she has a weird voice.
jim:  thats not true.
michael:  i dont need to tell you that.
jim: i think shed be a really good salesperson.
michael: i dont think you are being totally impartial though, because you havent said one bad thing about pam.
jim:  and i wont.
michael:  okay.so be it, then youve lost credibility.and im going to go with my guy, and thats ryan.
jim: all right.youre right, sometimes when shes tired, she can be a little bit shrill.but thats not a weird voice.
michael:  oh, wow!whoa!
jim: take it easy.
michael:  ho-ho, man!wow.  honey!i want you to bring the garbage out.‘cause im not going to have sex with you unless you bring out the garba–
michael:  i have a very difficult decision to make.its like last week i was at the video store.do i rent devil wears prada again? or do i finally get around to seeing sophies choice?it is what you would call a classic difficult decision.
andy:  you dont understand clothing, toby.youre dressed like this amorphous blob of khaki.
toby: all right, look, what you gotta understand is that when you come to work, you give up certain rights.
dwight:  listen up, flenderson.youre being weak and ineffectual.im cowboying this meeting, okay?here are the new rules.earth tones only.also, women are forbidden to wear pants.
toby: all right, come.sit down, dwight.
dwight:  no.
toby:  im running this meeting.
dwight:  thats debatable.
toby:  its not.its not.sit down or i am writing you up.
meredith:  ooh, where has this guy been?
toby: casual fridays are cancelled.lets just not do it anymore.
andy: youre running from the problem.
toby: theres not a single appropriate outfit in this whole–except mine, quite honestly.
michael: pam, can you come in here, please?have a seat. well, theres no easy way of saying this.so i think i will just…drag it out.since the dawn of time there has been–
pam: just tell me.
michael:  i gave ryan the sales job.there just werent enough clients for the two of you.so i had to–
pam:  no, okay.
michael:  im sorry, sorry.
pam:  okay, i get it.  why are you giggling?is this a joke? michael, is this– did i get the job?
michael:  yes, you did.
pam:  i did?
michael:  yep.
pam:  for real, youre not kidding?
michael:  no, you–no.
pam:  i did?
michael:  no, youre the best person for the job.youre going to be great.
pam:  oh, michael, thank you.thank you.
michael:   oh, oh!
pam:  thank you.you will not be sorry.
michael:  you should have seen your face.oh man! oh, that was classic.
pam: oh.  i really thought i didnt get it.
michael:  oh, really?
pam:  yeah.‘cause you said i didnt
michael:  oh, man.that was really good.that was really good.
pam:  what about ryan?
michael:  i dont know, i offered him his temp job back.well see.he was not happy at all when i offered him this job and then i told him he didnt get the job, so–
pam:  yeah.maybe you shouldnt fake fire people anymore.
michael:  i dont appreciate you telling me what to do.so clean out your desk, you are through here.
pam:  thanks, michael.
michael:  oh! whats our receptionists name?
pam:  erin.
michael: could you send her in?
pam:   erin.michael wants to see you.
michael:  hello.
erin:  hi.
michael:  have a seat.
michael: this is very difficult to say, but no one here like you in the office and we are going to have to let you go. hank, could you come up here please?hank is our security guard–
erin: oh, i can go.
michael:  he will be ushering you out.
erin:  oh!
michael:  oh, your face!oh!
erin: is–do the people–
michael:  no, im kidding.no, youre not–youre not fired.yet.
erin:  oh!
michael:  oh…
erin: do they not like me, though?
michael:  i dont know, actually.
erin:  okay.
