jim:   you gonna answer that, kev
kevin:  oh, right. thanks.  dunder mifflin, this is kevin. please hold while i transfer you.  oscar, your mom!
jim:  charles is having kevin cover the phones for a while. how do i say this diplomatically?  i think kevin is doing exactly as well as anyone might have expected someone like him to perform in a position like that.
kevin:  please hold.  andy! phone call
jim:  no.  stay there. kev, thought we nailed the whole transfer thing earlier.
kevin:  yeah, i wrote it on my hand… but then i washed it
jim:  it is transfer, extension, and then transfer again
kevin:  okay. andy, get ready.  transfer. extension. transfer
jim:  here we go.
kevin:  oh, man
andy:  it is 1-3-4, kev!
jim:  kev, cmon
dwight:  hustle
kevin:  hold it
andy:  you are murdering the nard-dog
kevin:   this is kevin. please hold and i will transfer you.
angela:  youre bad at this too
kevin:   just… dont answer that call!
stanley:  just transfer the damn call
kevin:  your call is very important to us. ple
andy:  hey-o!
dwight:  way to go.
andy:  my maid died.
pam:  today is my first day at my new job at michael scott paper company incorporated. you know, apple computers started in a garage. and were starting in a condo. so we already have a leg up on apple.  look, its official!
michael:  oh, good. my hookers here.  hi
pam:  michael, you were expecting me, right
michael:  yes i was. yes i was
pam:  are you wearing anything under the robe
michael:  that is inappropriate, pam. come on in.
pam:  this looks great, michael
michael:  thank you. would you like some french toast
pam:  yes, please
michael:  what shape
pam:  … square is fine
michael:  alright.
charles:  just want to fill you in on a few details. as you know, i will be running the branch while we search for michaels replacement. so please feel free to come to me with any questions or concerns.  yeah
kelly:  where will you be staying while youre in scranton
charles:  eh, uh, in a hotel
angela:  charles, where were you born
charles:  actually, i meant questions more about the day-to-day operations of the company. kay.  yeah
andy:  how are operations of the company? just, day-to day
charles:  okay, lets go over non-discretionary cuts. okay, guys?  thank you. so, umm
jim:   would you please stop that
dwight:  what
jim:  youre breathing very heavily
dwight:  this is how i breathe
jim:  no its not
dwight:  if you want to tell me 
charles:  okay, jim halpert. i need your eyes up front
jim:  oh no. i was just –
charles:  no. hey, hey. i just want to hear “yes”
jim:  … yes
charles:  good. as i was saying…
dwight:  oh no! the new boss does not find jim adorable! ohhhh! 
pam:  so, what do you say we get started
michael:  after breakfast
pam:  im full
michael:  so how you feeling about the new company
pam:  i feel good.  wow
michael:  you excited? about the new company
pam:  yeah. im excited to start the company
michael:  after breakfast
pam:  we did that. so, whats next? michael, just stop for a second.  michael. stop for a second
michael:  no, im whipping them
pam:  no, i know you are
michael:  just let go.
pam:  just let me have… oh
michael:  let go, please. just gimmee –
pam:  fine!  oh, im sorry. im sorry
michael:  i cant do this! this is pathetic, isnt it? i am such an idiot. i gave up the only job i ever loved to do this? i have egg in my crocs.
phyllis:  i never see him drink. i never see him eat
stanley:  i dont think he even uses the bathroom
creed:  oh, he does. he does.
michael:   i feel weak today. felt much stronger yesterday. like benjamin button in reverse
pam:  you know, michael. when i feel overwhelmed –
michael:  im not overwhelmed, pam
pam:  i know! no, im saying that when i feel overwhelmed, something i like to do is make a list. make a list of things to do and then start with the easy stuff.
micheal:  whatever calms you down
pam:  okay, first, work out. and, hey! look! you did that. check.  eat an enormous breakfast. check
michael:  dont patronize me, pam
pam:  i think you should get dressed
michael:  im not getting dressed. im not getting dressed. i have too many things to do before i get dressed. i need to find a hundred clients
pam:  michael, that seems impossible
michael:  its totally impossible
pam:  we need to come up with one realistic thing that we could do today
michael:  assemble a sales team. a dream team
pam:  great
michael:  okay, ryan
pam:  no. what? why
michael:  hes everything im not and everything i am. hes the whole package
pam:  no. were not gonna hire ryan.
michael:  umm… oh! vikram! best salesman ive ever met
pam:  okay
michael:  he worked at that telemarketing place
pam:  well find him.
michael:  okay. oh also, we have a meeting this afternoon with a potential investor
pam:  really?
michael:  yeah
pam:  we have an investor already
michael:  maybe. barbara keebis. she invests in local businesses. and i am putting together a little presentation for her
pam:  michael, thats fantastic
michael:  yeah, i guess its not so bad. got a few things cookin.  umm
pam:  hey! we need to get you dressed!
pam:  i have doubts about this too. but when one person freaks out, sometimes it weirdly makes the other one calmer. thats one thing ive learned about relationships. i hate that i just used the word relationship.  hey! you look great!  lets go
michael:  alright.
andy: 
charles:  you a soccer fan
andy:  oh. oh my god. im so embarrassed. you werent supposed to see this. this is like my secret obsession.
charles:  well, that makes two of us
andy:  no way
charles:  yeah.
andy:  i hate soccer. but guess who doesnt hate soccer? charles miner.
charles:  i was actually in germany for the 2006 world cup finals
andy:  ahhh. you bastard! that shoulda been me
charles:  yeah, i love the sport. i love the sport. alright, man
andy:  cool!
jim:  ive never been a kiss up. i – its just not how i operate. i mean, ive always subscribed to the idea that if you really want to impress your boss, you go in there and you do mediocre work. half-heartedly.
pam:  next on the list – open the mail.
michael:  oh. wow. “michael scott paper company.” okay. very official. “dear mr. scott. please be advised that it is in violation of your condominium agreement to conduct a business headquartered in your residence. the penalty, a forfeiture of residence.
pam:  no, okay. its fine. its fine. were just gonna add “find office”
michael:  how are we gonna find an office? how can we pay for an office
pam:  next on the list —song parodies
michael:  okay. okay. “achey breaky fart.
pam:  great. lets sing it in the car
michael:  no! no no. no. “my stumps.” like “my humps” but a guy with no legs.
pam:  yeah
michael:  we can do this
pam:  we can do this.
andy:  whoa! and he just goes, “boom”.  goal
charles:  yep. yep. thats pele
andy:  you know your soccer, man
charles:  i know. yes i do
stanley:  i prefer  maradona. uhhh… diego maradona
charles:  oh yeah?
stanley:  from argentina
charles:  i didnt know we had so many, uh, soccer fans in the office
andy:  i mean, to be fair, i was the first one to talk about it, but
charles:  what about you, jim? you a fan of the game
jim:  uh, no. nope. not really.
charles:  well, its not for everybody i suppose.
jim:  its cause im more of a player
charles:  yeah
jim:  you bet
dwight:  really, jim? i had no idea you played soccer. ‘cause you never, ever talk about it.
jim:  well i do
dwight:  wow
jim:  i play
dwight:  you can be so modest sometimes
jim:  well, maybe you should get back to work
dwight: maybe you and charles should kick the soccer ball around
jim:  maybe we will someday
dwight:  maybe you will tonight after work. what do you say
charles:  thats a great idea, dwight
dwight:  great ideas are just part of what i bring to the table.
jim:  yeah.
dwight:  i dont try and be anything that im not
charles:  what do you say, jim? huh? wanna play some soccer
dwight:  jim, what do you say
angela:  sounds fun
andy:  im in it to win
dwight:  game on
charles:  okay. see you on the field, there, bro
jim:  lets… eh… see ya
charles:  see you on the field. ha, ha. i cant wait!
jim:  yep, i used to play soccer in school. from second to fourth grade. i was on the orange team.
pam:   we got vikram
vikram:  you got me.
vikram:  where are we going
pam:  we have a meeting with an investor today
michael:  yes we do. so, get excited. but i have to go the bathroom real quick. if youll excuse me, be right back.  ah, okay
vikram:  he seems really confident
pam:  he can be.
vikram:  confidence. its the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool.
pam:  hm. im looking forward to getting to know you better, vikram.
michael:  hey. i would like a pair of size nine, please.  its michael
ryan:  im swamped, michael.  happy birthday to sally in lane 27
michael:  okay, imagine a company that has no memory of your past misconduct because they have no files.
vikram:  hes taking a long time. is it possible hes bowling? i mean, you know him better than i do.
pam:  yes. yes, its possible.
michael:  well, it has always been a lifelong dream.
pam:  michael! whats going on
michael:  im
pam:  hey, ryan
ryan:  hey, you
michael:  excuse me. yes
pam:  this wasnt on the list
michael:  yes, it is
pam:  no
michael:  yes
pam:  its not
michael:  it is
pam:   when did you add this to the list
michael:  pam. everyone deserves a second second chance.  ryan, just out of curiosity, how much do you get paid here
ryan:  sixty thousand dollars a year
pam:  you get paid by the year at the bowling alley
ryan:  what do you make, secretary
supervisor:  back to work, shoe bitch
ryan:  i told you guys, im really busy here, so
michael:  would you like to come to work for the michael scott paper company
ryan:  what size shoes are you guys
michael:  uh, nine
ryan:  what are those, a mens ten
pam:  no
michael:   look what hes doing
pam:  what is he doing
michael:  hes stealing them. okay, okay
pam:  oh my god
michael:  hes already paying for himself
pam:  sorry!
ryan:  where is it
michael:  right here
vikram:  hey, cmon, guys. these are prime selling hours, you know.
charles:  miner –
jim:  oh, there he goes
charles:  …sees his partner –
jim:  yikes
charles:  halpert. he looks up!
jim:  aw, man
charles:  defending duo! he sets him up!  he sets him up. yeah. oh-ho
jim:  oh! goal
charles:  aw, man, i cant wait to play with you
jim:  aw, its gonna be the  worst.
ryan:  do you guys want to hear about thailand
michael:  oh yeah
pam:  sure
ryan:  it was indescribable
michael:  sounds awesome
pam:  beat.
vikram:  what sort of investing club is this
michal:  vikram, you ask a lot of questions and i like that. hey, nana! hi
pam:   nana
nana:  michael!
michael:  people turn to their families all the time when they need help starting out and if my nanas investment club can help the michael scott paper company become a reality, then im sure thats what she would have wanted. does want.
michael:  well im sure that you must all have very, very busy schedules, so i appreciate you meeting with us here today. what this is is a business that i have worked toward my entire life. hey!  i have assembled what i believe to be the most exciting, sought-after talent in the industry today. ladies and gentlemen, i present to you the dream team. from our very own scranton, pennsylvania – pam beesly. pretty pam is always reaching for the stars and someday, she may just surprise us all and grab one. meet vikram. from his humble beginnings as a – stay standing – from his humble beginnings as a prominent surgeon, he risked it all to become the most successful telemarketer in the lipophedrene industry. and do not call it a comeback. the youngest vice president in the history of dunder mifflin, and recent bowling alley employee, ryan howard is about to make a splash in paper
nana:  so lets hear it
michael:  okay. i have spent the last 15 years learning the ins and outs of the paper industry. with a lean, mean fighting crew and low overhead, i think i can perform the same business at a much, much higher rate of profit
nana:  how do you expect to turn a profit in this economy
michael:  by wanting it more. by working hard-
nana:  whats your mission statement
michael:  mmmm-my mission is stated as follows: i will not be beat. i will never give up. i am on a mission. that is the michael scott guarantee.
charles:  cmon, oscar. what positions do people play
dwight:  wing.
kevin:  wag
charles:  jim. what do you play
jim:  left
charles:  forward or half
jim:  forward, definitely
chares:  okay, striker, huh
jim:  striker
charles:  lets see what you got in those legs
jim:  alright! lets do it
charles:  alright.  no, no, no. thats supposed to be the kickoff
jim:  kickoff.  my strategy is to touch the ball as little as possible. chalk it up to teamwork.  alright! 
michael:  and i offer same day, free delivery
nana:  michael, i dont know about this
michael:  nana.  i really think that papa would want you to do this
nana:  im not so sure
michael:  well what is it exactly? i mean, what, what specifically? we dont – it doesnt have to be paper. we could sell medicine and other
nana:  see, this is what concerns me.
old woman:  we could just give him a chance. its not much money
michael:  well… this might not be the right time, but i need more than i originally asked for.
nana:  this isnt a handout club. its an investment club
michael:  okay
nana:  i love you, michael. i do
michael:  okay
nana:  but no. i mean it. no.
vikram:  i thought nana raised some good questions. what kind of a name is nana
pam:  it means grandmother
vikram:  oh, sweet jesus. look, im sorry to do this, but can you drop me back at the telemarketing building?
vikram:  you know, michael? you want to succeed? you got to apply the same- 
andy:  get ‘im, jim! cmon, tough d, jim.
charles:  oh, my god! oh wow. jim, what the
oscar:  phyllis, phyllis
charles:  phyllis, are you okay? are, you okay
phyllis:   no, i swallowed a crown
charles:  whyd you duck, jim
jim:  what
dwight:  yeah, jim. why would an experienced soccer player like yourself duck at the very last moment
jim:  okay, im just gonna go get some ice
charles:  does that make you feel better? huh
jim:  im sorry, phyllis
charles:  oh, yeah. jims sorry.
ryan:  do you get tnt? the station? do you get tnt
michael:  yeah. i have cable and satellite as a backup.  yeah, i know. two not-so-great things in a row. ehhhh, well. stuff happens, right? at least we got ryan. the rye-guy. we should call him rye bread. we dont have to call him that. unless you like it. we could call him that.
pam:  i cant do this
michael:  whats that
pam:  i cant do this. i had a real job. i sat ten feet away from my fiance. i had health benefits. i was just feeling impulsive. i should have gotten a tiny tattoo on my ankle.
michael:  blech
pam:  i just keep getting bored. and i let things build up and build up and then i – i, i do something too big, like this. who does this
michael:  well you know what? my mom always used to say that average people are the most special people in the world. and thats why god made so many
pam:  we dont have any money. we dont have an office. we dont have anything
michael:  well weshould make a list. lists are good. lists are good. lists are good. first on the list, lets get you out of the car. alright.  okay
pam:  how come out of everyone in the office, im the only one that went with you? is it because im that stupid? i mean, your own grandmother doesnt even believe in you
michael:  i want you to listen to me. because i want to tell you the situation that we are both in right now, kay? you quit your job. i quit my job. we both quit. those are the facts. thats what happened. now, what are our choices right now? because you know, kiddo, you quit
pam:  yeah
michael:  so what are our options? well, we can start this paper company. we can try. or… thats it. thats our only option. because we quit. pam, i do my best work when people dont believe in me. i remember in high school, my math teacher told me i was gonna flunk out. and know what i did? the very next day i went out and i scored more goals than anyone else in the history of the hockey team. see what i mean? i thrive on this. i thrive on it. so im gonna go inside. im going to make some calls, im gonna get us an office space, and im going to show you why you joined this company. okay? 
michael:  you gotta have some extra space. philly, work with me here. theres gotta be some sort of secret office that you have… lurkin around… some awesome, free, keep it off the books… oh, no. not there. that would be humiliating.
michael:  i did what i had to do. i stepped in. i took charge. thats what being a man is. and earlier today, i was freaking out. pam stepped up.she was the man. dont think a woman can be a man? well, then thats your stereotype, not mine.
michael:   okay
pam:  i could work here. i could see this.
michael:  its right in the middle of the paper belt
pam:  are you good
michael:  yeah, im good. you good
pam:  im good.
michael:  you know what they say, keep your friends close.
charles:  michael, youre back
michael:  yes, i am, charles
charles:  mmmhmm
michael:  except this time, you have no legal right to kick me out, because i have started my very own paper company right here in the building. if i were you, charles miner, i would watch your step. because the michael scott paper company is about to open a big ol can of whoopass on dunder mifflin.  actually a six pack. were gonna open a six pack of whoopass. he looks scared.
