dwight:   hey michael
michael:  yeah
dwight:  contractions are coming every ten minutes
michael:  ok, just remember to keep breathing
dwight:  my cervix is ripening
michael:  ok, good.
jim:   jan is about to have a baby with a sperm donor. and michael is preparing for the birth of a watermelon with dwight.now, this baby will be related to michael through  delusion.
dwight:  michael! my waters breaking
michael:  oh, ok! ok
dwight:  aaaaaaaa! what do you do? what do you do
michael:  i get a call from jan and i meet her at the hospital
dwight:  right. highways or surface roads
michael:  i take quincy ave to gibson
dwight:  no, gibson is covered in potholes.your car breaks down. adapt
michael:  i checked the route – there are no potholes.come on, get in here and have the baby
dwight:  its about adapting to the circumstances
michael:   andy, would you like to have my baby
andy:  yes! yeah. aaaaaaaa! aaaaaaaa! aaaaaaaa!
dwight:  no. ok, no.im crowning!im crowning!aaaaaaaa!
michael:  all right, ok.  sorry.sorry.here we go.here we go
dwight:  the pressure!the pressure
michael:  do it! do it!scream!scream it out, scream it out, scream it out
dwight:  aaaaaaaa
michael:  aaaaaaaa!
dwight:  babies are one of my many areas of expertise.growing up, i performed my own circumcision.
michael:  just keep pushing
dwight:   hold me
michael:  im right here
dwight:  cradle my head
michael:  im right here, im right here
dwight:  im screaming, im screaming, im screaming! aaaaaaaa
michael:   all right.dwight.just push and breathe
dwight:  numb me up. i want anesthesia
michael:  shhh. no, you cant have it.its too late
dwight:  no! i dont want natural
michael:  no.you have to just push it out
dwight:  ok
michael:  keep simulating
dwight:  aaaaaaaa
michael:  ok
dwight:  do you have the sharpie?
michael:  keep simulating
dwight:  do you have the sharpie?
michael:  yes, i do
dwight:  ok!when the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy
michael:  ok
dwight:  ready?
michael:  yes
dwight:  aaaaaaaa
michael:  aaaaaaaa!its coming!here we go!  oh! god! wow! what was on that
dwight:  butter. newborns are slippery
michael:  nice touch.good.lets try that again.
michael:   it is going to be the happiest day of my life. 
michael:  hello ladies, hows my shower going?phyllis, did you get the live storks
phyllis:  no
michael:  damnit, phyllis!im sorry. damnit, phyllis.it was hard enough to convince jan to come.so are we set for refreshments
angela:  per your instructions, we have the personalized m&amp;ms with the baby names.this is your boy bowl, with the name “chevy.” and this is the girl bowl, with m&amp;ms with the name “astird.
phyllis:  that cant be right
angela:  michael wrote down “astird.
michael:  she said it is the name of a viking princess. so
meredith:  ass…turd
michael:  i know.i know.it is beautiful.no.thank you.is this it? i mean, is this… two bowls of m&amp;ms and some balloons?you know what phyllis, i think you need to step it up.i think you need to get the lead out.because if im not mistaken, we gave you your wedding shower here.we all came into this room and gave you a golden shower.well you know what, wheres my golden shower, phyllis?
michael:  it does not matter to me at all whether this baby is biologically mine.i am going to love it. its like when the dog nurses the tiger cub.have you seen that video?it is… its so bizarre and unnatural, but… it, it happens.
phyllis:  hey, im collecting for the baby shower
kevin:  but phyllis, its not his baby
phyllis:  i know, kevin
oscar:  why do we have to pay money to get a gift for his ex-girlfriends unborn sperm bank baby
phyllis:  look at it as if youre paying for the cake, not the baby.sheet cake.
phyllis:  i do enjoy being the head of the party planning committee.im no longer under angelas heel, and her little grape head is under mine
michael:   hey, hey.what are you doing?dont talk to them
phyllis:  sorry
michael:  make the party.dont – make the party, please, phyllis.  pump it!
pam:   so you know stacy, right
jim:  right, the one from england
pam:  theres no one from england, jim.katie studied in ireland – this is stacy, the one who does the murakami-style collages
jim:  oh. right, that style
pam:  so, stacy and eric get to bogres detech half an hour early so they dont have to sit on the slab
jim:  ok
pam:  anyway, bogres ta sarah kaya comes in
jim:  wait, whos sarah kayacombsen
pam:  no, sarah kaya comes in.dont interrupt, i have like thirty seconds to finish this and get to digipres
jim:  ok
pam:  so sarah kaya says to eric, “no way.you cant reserve seats.” and stacy gets all up in her face and sarah kaya picks up stacys new pm pad and throws it at the light box.
jim:   no… way
pam:  yes
jim:  ha ha. thats hilarious
pam:  no, its horrible!jim, she might get arrested
jim:  who, stacy
pam:  no, stacy is a boy.ugh.frustrating.why cant you just be in art class with me
jim:  uh
pam:  oh, wait, i gotta go, class starting.
jim:  ok, ill ta…ill talk to you later. that was a good story
dwight:  whos sarah kayacombsen?
andy:  yo.i got the nard-puppy for ya.whats going on here
angela:  its a baby game where you guess whose picture is whose
andy:  awww.check it out – who would have thought that this little baby would be marrying that little baby
angela:  thats phyllis
andy:  well 
angela:  yeah, it is.so i hope you two are very happy together.pervert
andy:  why would that make me a pervert, i –
angela:  well, it does.thats me
andy:  thats not you
angela:  yes it is
andy:  thats mean, come on, thats – 
michael:  ahoy, matey
holly:  ahoy
michael:  ahoy. so, how you doin
holly:  good
michael:  um, listen.jan levinson is coming in today, and she is in the terminal stages of her pregnancy – the child of which i have a vested interest.its all kind of weird.anyway, she is incredibly… fat and enormous right now – extremely unattractive.and you are, on the other hand, one of the more attractive people in the office.so, while shes here i am going to be acting kind of cold to you.and i am doing this to pay respect to her bloated feelings.and im treating ryan the same way
holly:  of course. yeah.
stanley:  i do not like pregnant women in my workspace.theyre always complaining.i have varicose veins, too.i have swollen ankles, im constantly hungry – do you think my nipples dont get sore too?do you think i dont need to know the fastest way to the hospital?
jim:   jan
jan:  hi, jim
jim:  what do we have here
jan:  this is my baby
jim:  really…
dwight:  oh no… 
dwight:  jan had the baby and michael wasnt there to mark it.so the baby could be anybodys.except michaels.
michael:  so this is astird
jan:  astrid
michael:  oh, ok.why didnt you call me
jan:  well, um, you know, labor just kind of started very suddenly and
michael:  i could have helped
jan:  and the birth instructor thought it wasnt a good idea for you to be there, so
michael:  oh, man. him? that guy? he had no sense of humor and i proved him wrong in so many ways
jan:  ok, you dont have any idea what ive been through, so, lets
michael:  no, i dont
jan:  im sorry, i thought today at the baby shower would be a good time for the two of you to meet
michael:  can i hold her
jan:  yes, yes you can. you know, i think, just leave her in the car seat. yeah
michael:   all right, ok.
michael:  i love babies. i think they are beautiful in all sorts of different ways.i try to pick up and hold a baby every day, if possible, because it nourishes me.it feeds my soul.babies are drawn to me, and i think its because they see me as one of them.but cooler, and with my life put together a little bit.if a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no war.there would be no government, and things could get terrible.it actually, probably – it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion.
michael:   ladies and gentlemen, it is my privilege and honor to present for the first time in her life and in the office: assst
jan:  trid
michael:  …trid levinson.hi!astrid, this is everybody, look.this is your family.youre going to know them for the rest of your life
jan:  well…
michael:   well, he may not be here. say hello!ok, here we go.  lion king
jan:  michael, michael, michael, thats… yeah… thats too high.ill take that
michael:  ok, come on, lets get our shower on. conference room, choppity chip chop
holly:  you ok?you seem kind of…
michael:   im fine, weirdo.such an hr weirdo.try not to suck all the air out of there when you walk in.
michael:  ready to play some games? lets do it
kevin:  michael, the babys already been born
michael:  uh, duh
kevin:  so we had games planned but the baby ruins all of them
michael:  no, the baby doesnt ruin anything, kevin, ok?the baby multiplies the fun.lets just do what you were going to do
kevin:  ok…who wants to guess when the baby will be born
michael:  all right, how about some presents?i want to see some presents.  i got this so i can write down for thank-you notes
jan:  thank you.thats very sweet of you
michael:  whatta we got
angela:  um, we all chipped in and got you this stroller
michael:  oh!
jan:  thank you
michael:  she already has a stroller
kelly:  and this is way worse than the stroller she came with
oscar:  shes got an orbit; thats a twelve hundred dollar stroller
dwight:  huh. twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? phhhbt
michael:  ok, what else?
dwight:  twelve hundred dollars is what i spent on my whole bomb shelter.for that kind of money, this stroller should be indestructible. 
jan:   being good isnt always easy / no matter how hard i try / when he started sweet-talking to me / hed come and tell me everything is all right / hed kiss and tell me everything is all right / can i get away again tonight / the only one…
pam:  hey you
jim:   hey!you busy
pam:  not even. im doing laundry for the first time in like a month
jim:  ok, ok, so you gotta hear this.so, jans shower is going on right now, and shes singing “son of a preacher man” and everyones just staring at her
pam:  i cant hear anything, theres like, theres like machines going
jim: the song is about losing your virginity next to a church, and guess what – shes been singing for the last twenty minutes
pam:  i cant hear anything
jim:  oh. ok, well you know what, i um, just call me later
pam:  ok.
pam:  im not frustrated. even if i were in scranton, jim and i would have days like this. were just… a little out of sync.you know, thats all.oh, great.i washed my lipstick.
jan:   how well i remember / the look that was in his eyes / stealing kisses from me on the sly / taking time to make time / telling me that hes all mine / learning from each others knowing / looking to see how much weve grown / and the only one…
dwight:   dont hit the fence.oh no, my child!
dwight:   dont get stuck on the barbed wire!
dwight:   playtime is over!
andy:  so jan, tell my intended about the miracle of childbirth
jan:  well, actually, i, uh, i had a tub birth.and it was really, really quite amazing
angela:  you gave birth in a tub
jan:  yeah, its a really nice transition from womb to world, you know, kind of like a big womb
kelly:  um, so youre in the tub with everything
jan:  oh, yeah, the afterbirth floats, yeah
creed:  must be like the tide at omaha beach
jan:  oh no, its actually really hygienic, creed
creed:  ugh
stanley:  im done
oscar:  me too
jan:  and after the birth you get out and deliver the afterbirth.
michael:  hey! hey, no no no no no no no no. no.no.this is the birth story. it was beautiful. it was beautiful.this is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.and i should have been there. i should have been there to witness this.
michael:  i could have helped
jan:  youre sad about this.i know that, and i wish that i…but…would it help if you held astrid for just a, a little bit
michael:   uh, yeah.
jan:  all right.um, im just going to lie down for a couple of minutes.im exhausted, so um.remind me to talk to you about astrids 529.wake me in twenty
michael:   i usually love babies, but when i held astrid i just felt… shortchanged
michael:  phyllis?could you take-.
michael:  hey guys
darryl:  whats up, mike
michael:  uh, i need some advice from one baby daddy to another
darryl:  you a baby daddy
michael:  yeah, i a baby daddy.um, when you first became a baby daddy, did you have an immediate connection with that baby?like, the first time that you held it, did you find that with your baby baby
darryl:  hell yeah.you know why?because that was my baby
michael:  i just saw this baby daddy
darryl:  you should stop calling yourself “baby daddy.
michael:  why, darryl, because im quote white quote unquote
darryl:  because youre not a daddy, and its not your baby
michael:  well
darryl:  you feel connected to his baby over there
michael:  its- thats different
darryl:  you feel connected to this?
michael:  thats not a baby
darryl:  you want to hold me, to see how you feel
michael:   could i
darryl:  no.
jan:   oh. i was just catching up on my sleep
holly:  i can imagine
jan:  wheres astrid
holly:  oh, i think shes on a sales call
jan:  on a what
holly:  waaa! more paper! waaa! no, shes just on a coffee break
jan:   thats funny
holly:  shes with angela.
angela:   thats good.now, i need you to – i need it to look up here.get the baby to look up here, ready
andy:  ok.yeah.look at my finger.look.looook
angela:  now. come on, up here
andy:  look up here
angela:  your hands in it
andy:  what? sorry
angela:  yeah, thats a good one
jan:  what are you doing? whats going on? excuse me
andy:  were taking a picture
jan:   there you are
andy:  shes natures bounty
jan:  you dont flash around a newborn baby.dont you know that?
jan:  michael, i need your help
michael:   i was just going to…i was going to talk to holly, about her hygiene.she smells like old tomatoes and dirt
jan:  uh… come on.
dwight:  i like to call this… the bumper test. 
michael:  sure you cant stay a little longer
jan:  oh, no, michael, you know what? i really have to go
michael:  all right.all right, everybody, were leaving.jan and astrid are leaving
jan:  you know what, where is the stroller that i came in with
dwight:  oh.i took the liberty of putting it in your trunk
jan:  ah.thanks, dwight.
jan:  ok.you know what?there is, uh, there is one more thing that you can do for me
michael:  ok
jan:  dont date holly
michael:  wha – thats, i hate her.wha – god!why would you even ask me to – i, i mean, not that it matters, cause i dont, but wha – ok, all right, fine
jan:  thanks for the baby shower.it was great.and ill see you… soon
michael:  all right
jan:  ok.
holly:  you still gonna be mean to me
michael:   you wanna go out
holly:  yes.
michael:  i didnt feel much when i held astrid, but i got a good feeling from holly.
jim:   hey, its jim.leave a message
pam:  hi
pam:   hi, this is pam.leave a message
jim:   hey, its me.it is 5:03
pam:  i figured id catch you walking to your car, but…
jim:  you must be out or something
pam:  ill leave a message
jim:  is it me, or are we just a little off today
pam:  i guess this is just one of those days.itll get better
jim:  hope you didnt have any major laundry issues
pam:  i finished my laundry.got all my socks.nothing like that time that crazy guy pushed you
jim:  remember that time that i helped you do your laundry and that crazy guy came in and started yelling at you
pam:  and then, remember, we went shopping the next day to buy me a washer and dryer
jim:  yet here you are, back in a laundromat.now, im just trying to help you, beesly.be safe
pam:  youre probably upset that im even at a laundromat right now.but, dont worry, im being safe.and im headed home.im… headed to my dorm.not home
jim:  wish you were home.uh, anyway…
pam:  anyway, um… i miss you
jim:  i miss you.
angela:  all right, how about we play the game where we guess how big the mothers belly is
michael:  oh! ok
jan:  well…
angela:  how many squares of toilet paper go around the waist
kevin:  does that mean theres no toilet paper in the bathroom
angela:  kevin, relax
jan:  ok, you know what, i dont think i need to do this one, because i only gained twelve pounds and im just going to get rid of all of that, so…
michael:  seventeen.i say seventeen squares
jan:  ok, give me the roll.ill do it
michael:  do the boobs
jan:  yeah, were not doing my boobs, michael.ok, seven, someone give me the prize. oh, its ok…
holly:  did she really just have a baby? shes so beautiful
jim:  oh yeah.wait til you get to know her better though
michael:  hey! hr lady, stop whispering in the corner please.very rude.youre ruining the party.
holly:  im starting to get a feeling for what life was like around here for toby
toby:   it was terrible
holly:  i know
toby:  i prefer being stuck in a costa rican hospital
holly:  really
toby:  not really.
kevin:  hey jan, you went to a sperm bank
jan:  uh, yes, i did
kevin:  i donated sperm
jan:  oh
kevin:  maybe im the father
jan:  well, this is a highly exclusive establishment
kevin:  next to the ihop
jan:  well, i paid for an ideal specimen
oscar:  are you saying kevin is not an ideal specimen
jan:  this is a wonderful shower, everyone.thank you
kevin:   i might have done it with jan!
jan:  its not kevins child.cant possibly be.i mean, i dont know what i would do.sue… icide
jan:   okay, ‘stridly, you want to try the other side?okay, here we go.thats good.oh, good job
kevin: jan?whats new
jan: you know what, kevin?why dont you just go ahead and stare?because, you know, its, its fine with me.i mean, this is sooo natural, and so beautiful, and
kevin: seriously?youre okay with that
jan: of course.i mean, theres nothing erotic about this, you know, its, its, its what these  were made for, you know, i mean theyre full of baby milk, theyre… nourishing my baby, so… michael
dwight: hello, spoiled little baby,  in your fancy brand name stroller.mmm, i wonder if its as safe as they say it is.oh, look, a curb.uh oh, lets see what happens…  inconclusive.  spartans would leave a weak baby by the side of the road.my parents left me beside the road.i crawled home.
dwight: not so weak, huh, mom?
dwight: gosh, mommy feels like taking a jog. oh, no!mommy forgot to wear a bra, and her big fake boobs are really hurting her, and she needs to let go, she cant control the stroller any longer 
dwight:  lets see what this baby can do…  aaaah!aa-aaah! its a hardy stroller.  maybe its safe
