receptionist:  pam, line three
pam:  okay, thanks.
pam:  new york, as it turns out, is very expensive, and i ran out of money. i thought about selling a kidney, but michael offered to get me a part-time job at corporate.
pam:  hey
pam:  of course, now michael knows where to reach me 16 to 18 hours a week.
pam:  hey michael
michael:  hey
holly:  hello
michael:  that was really fun last night
holly:  yeah, it was nice
michael:  im actually thinking about getting my own set of putt-putt golf clubs
holly:  oh, that would be great. you need that
michael:  yeah
holly:  yeah
michael:  oh really
holly:  yeah
michael:  well
holly:  it would help
michael:  i, uh…  i let her win
holly:   no, he didnt
michael:  so, when, um, can i see you again
holly:  um, tonight, im free tonight. is that too eager? 
michael:  no
holly:  i dont care, free tonight
michael:  okay. oh, wait, oh, tonights no good.  because i am busy taking you out
holly:   oh, i just remembered, i cant tonight
michael:   why
holly:  im going out with you
michael:  wow… oh, wait a second, i cant tonight
holly:   no more
michael:  tonights so
holly:  no more
michael:  too many times. its all good, um, alright, so, good, so, have a nice day
holly:  thank you, you too
michael:  youre welcome.
michael:  in my opinion, the third date is traditionally the one where… you have sex. does holly feel that way? i dont know. i will probably find out tonight. if she starts having sex with me ill know for sure.
andy:  thats for you. and, um, oh. i am right in assuming that dwight is short for d-money. ‘cause thats what i wrote on your save-the-date
dwight:   you set a date
andy:  j-money. or should it be t-money, for tuna? receptionist money. k-money.
phyllis:   what are you making
dwight:  a knife
phyllis:  youre making a knife with a knife
dwight:  you got a better way
phyllis:  you want to talk about it
dwight:  about what
phyllis:  you know i know.  you know they know
dwight:  i know none of that. if i did, youd be the last to know.
holly:  oh, the mall could be fun
michael:  yeah
holly:  we could go to the food court and get different foods. you could get chicken teriyaki. i could get a hot dog
michael:  some of what we order depends on whether were having sex after.  oh, my. wow, elephant in the room. are we, do you think? do you think were going to have sex tonight
holly:  …hell yeah
michael:  okay, so, we do the restaurant thing and then… then… then we can do… well just do the restaurant thing first
holly:  yeah, thats good.
michael:  probably get soup or something light.
phyllis:  hi
dwight:  she introduced me to so many things. pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine
phyllis:  its nice to learn new things
dwight:  i was talking to myself
phyllis:  okay
dwight:  i just dont get it
phyllis:  what dont you get
dwight:  why is she marrying andy
phyllis:  angelas not really a risk taker. and andys not really a risk
dwight:  thats really fattening
phyllis:  no, its lettuce.
holly:   its time to go
michael:  no. no. reservations are at 8:00, so weve got like an hour and 45 minutes.   im a crazy eight, im crazy
holly:  youre crazy, go crazy.
holly:   oh, i forgot my keys
michael:  do you need em
holly:  yeah, lets go grab them
michael:  all right
holly:  oh, after vous.
michael:  thank vous.  what? oh!
holly:  i didnt forget my keys, i just didnt want to make out with you in front of the cameras. do you think they can hear us
michael:  not if we turn these dials  all the way down.  now they cant hear us at all
holly:  oh, good
michael:  were totally alone.
angela:  yes, thats correct. i need to cancel checks from 10,001 to 90,000
oscar:  great, they stole my laptop
kevin:  yeah, well, they stole my surge protector
oscar:  how does that even compare
kevin:  oscar, im now going to be prone to surges.
michael:  oh, my god, what happened
jim:  we were robbed last night
dwight:  bravo, watson. looks like a classic seven-man job. okay, security tapes were stolen, motives-financial, or possible, vintage hp computer collectors. hank down at security had clocked out. and thats all we have
holly:  can i talk to you for a second
michael:  yeah. oh… oh
holly:  that wasnt us, right? i mean… you remembered to lock the doors
michael:  no, did you
holly:  michael i think this is our fault
michael:  oh, no, my god.
holly:  oh
michael:  oh my god!
michael:  so much for sex without consequences.
pam [on phone]:   you are such a dork! shots
jim:  so apparently pam went out last night, and accidentally called my work phone at 3:00 in the morning
pam [on phone]:  im not drunk
jim:  im on minute six of this message
pam [on phone]:  okay, i do not sound like that
man on phone:  you can take the girl out of philly
pam [on phone]:  scranton
jim:  the future mother of my children.
angela:  i never felt safe here
andy:  youre always safe with me. im a very good screamer. and one day, were going to move to disneys celebration village in florida and leave all of this behind
angela:  i would very much like that
andy:  yeah
angela:  yeah
andy:   consider yourself… at home!
dwight:   ugh.
dwight:  get in
phyllis:  where are we going
dwight:  i know she loves me, phyllis. i am sure of it. she practically told me so
phyllis:  then you need to give her an ultimatum. tell her she needs to make a choice. you or andy. if she pick you, great. if not, you can move on
dwight:  are you sure thats going to work
phyllis:  it did when bob said i had to stop talking to my sister on the phone so much
dwight:  wait, this isnt our floor. dwight…
holly:  hows everyone doing? my door is always open if anyone wants to talk
oscar:  i dont want to talk. i want my laptop back.
creed:  nobody steals from creed bratton and gets away with it. the last person to do this disappeared. his name?  creed bratton.
michael:  were gonna make everything all right. alright? conference room, 15 minutes. half an hour. alright?
michael:  to recoup their losses, i am planning a little charity auction, where people from all over scranton can come and bid on our goods and services. im calling it crime-aid. its like farm aid, but instead of farms fighting against aids, it is us fighting against our own poverty.
phyllis:  i think its a fun idea
michael:  thank you
phyllis:  we could auction off things we do for each other like cleaning or tennis lessons. my sorority did it all the time
michael:  okay, im gonna have to stop you right there. was this a sorority that you didnt get into a real sorority so you had to kind of form your own
phyllis:  move on, michael
michael:  okay. okay! well, come on, lets have an auction. lets do this. well auction off people like in the olden days
oscar:  so, in order to recoup the value of items we liked, we have to spend more money on things we dont want. who would ever come to this
michael:  i dont know, it could be any number of people. it could be a pedestrian. it could be an old person. it could be a lookie-loo. or, it could be… a bruce springsteen fan – what? who said that? i did. why did i say that? oh, i think you know why i said that. i think it is very apparent. i think it goes without saying. bear with me. theres a point there. but what is the point? i dont understand what hes saying. it seems a little shady. it seems a little foggy. well, its not a little foggy theres actually something going on here
jim:  do you need us for any of this
michael:  do i?
holly:  michael scored the big ticket item.springsteen tickets! the boss scored the boss
michael:  yeah, i think thats pretty boss
holly:  he knows how to get things. he got me
michael:  whoa
holly:   sorry
michael:  twice. … right
holly:  mm-hmm
michael:  mm-hmm
holly:  mm-hmm.
dwight:  listen to me close. ‘cause im only gonna say this once. you either break off your engagement with that singing buffoon, apologize, and then date me, or you can say good-bye to this.
angela:  i think you have me confused with another person
dwight:  i said i was only gonna say this once. you have until 6:14 pm. 6:14
angela:  i heard you. 
michael:  pump it up! yeah! yeah! yeah!  pump up the volume. thank you very much, everybody. thank you, mr. springsteen.  and welcome to c.r.i.m.e.-a.i.d.  crime reduces innocence makes everyone angry i declare. it is not known how many office robberies occur every second because there is nowikipedia entry for office robbery statistics. however, tonight, its victims, are standing together and standing strong in the form of song, cooking lessons, and hugs. really phyllis? youre auctioning a hug? okay, so with no further ado, lights, camera, auction! take it away bruce! 
darryl:  mike gave me a list of his top ten springsteen songs. three of them were huey lewis and the news. one was tracy chapman, fast car. and my personal favorite, short people.
michael:  okay, this is the moment that you have all been waiting for. our first item up for bids tonight is something that i consider to be very boss indeed.  it is a yoga lesson from holly flax! yoga! and i would like to start the bidding off at 300 dollars.  300 dollars do i hear 300 dollars? 300 dollars. hey, batter batter batter, hey batter, swing batter, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars. anybody, 300 dollars. 400 dollars. who wants for 400- do i see somebody in the back? is there somebody in the back? do i see somebody in the back? 400-450  sold! for 300 dollars to me!  what the hell is that
phyllis:  its the only gavel i could find
michael:  it squeaks when you bang it, thats what she said. lets hear it for me! right? a bargain at any price
darryl:  hey mike, do my thing
michael:  oh, yes, great. very good, um, so, darryl, and the boys in the hood in the warehouse, have graciously donated to, uh, go out for a beer with them right now. you know what, im actually going to bid on this. im going to start the bidding, because this is something that i have dreamt of
darryl:  mike, you cant do that. its conflict of interest
jim:  5 dollars
darryl:  sold! to jim
michael:  okay. okay, sold! have fun, you guys. well, this next item is sure to spring steam from your ears if you dont win it. it just says “creed.
creed:  yeah, thats all-inclusive.
darryl:  she thought i was mcnabb.
jim:  i can see that
darryl:  yeah, well, watcha gonna do
jim:  another round, boys? great.
roy:  halpert
darryl:  whats up, roy
jim:  hey man
roy:  im not gonna hit you or anything
jim:  oh, i wouldnt
roy:  you good
jim:  im good. how you doing
roy:  im good
jim:  yeah, okay
roy:  hey darryl, whats happenin
darryl:  oh, whats up, roy
roy:  hey, whats up, guys? how you been?
kevin:  hi, im kevin. and ill do your taxes
michael:  lets hear an opening bid, everybody. whos first? kevin do your taxes. hes the tax man. kevin the tax man
kevin:  federal and state
michael:  federal and state.
kevin:  fine.
michael:  okay, alright. hey, you know what? i would appreciate it if people would stop storming off the stage.
michael:  we are getting there folks. slow and steady.  well, well, have we been blessed today. ladies and gentlemen, mr. david wallace! whoo
david wallace:  hey
michael:  hey
david wallace:  thank you michael, thanks, thanks everybody. id like to auction off a weekend at my place in marthas vineyard. hey, hey
oscar:  100 dollars
michael:  100 dollars, great
bob:  125
guy in audience:  140
dwight:  hey phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. come quick
phyllis:  oh dear
michael:  keep it going. hey batter batter batter
guy in audience:  160
michael:  160.
dwight:  i had to get your attention. this is an emergency.
phyllis:  why couldnt have you just said it? why did you actually do it
dwight:  listen, she ignored my ultimatum. now what
phyllis:  now you move on
dwight:  okay, fine. ive moved on. now how do i get her back
phyllis:  well dwight, i dont think you do. i think youve got your answer
dwight:  wait, thats it? thats your advice? i thought you had some kind of big master plan
phyllis:  well, i just think we all deserve to be with someone who wants to be with us
dwight:  oh. i get it. youre trying to secure your place as head of the party-planning committee. youre just being selfish.  and you slap like a girl.
dwight:  what did phyllis do wrong? ill tell you what phyllis did wrong. she stuck her nose into my business and tried to help me. 
roy:  whats going on with pam?
jim:  oh, shes good actually
roy:  yeah
jim:  shes, um, shes in new york. shes at an art school
roy:  really
jim:  yeah, shes doing really well
roy:  huh
jim:  shes engaged, um… to me
roy:   congrats, man
jim:  oh, thanks man. appreciate that
roy:  so pams happy
jim:  yeah, id say shes happy. i mean, she loves her classes. loves the city. i mean, last night, she was out with her friends, till, like, 8:00 am
roy:  wow
jim:  what
roy:  i thought you were a friend.
jim:   i am going to see pam. because i feel like i should. 
bob:  when are you getting to bruce
michael:  uh, just a few more items
all:   bruce! bruce! bruce
michael:  all right, all right, all right, all right, all right! here we go. all right, big ticket item.  all right, in my pocket, i have… two tickets… to mr. bruce springsteen, front… oh, where are those? has anyone seen an envelope with bruce springsteen front row tickets and backstage passes? anybody seen something like-lying around?
stanley:  do you want us to look for em
michael:  no. i think they were stolen. i think they were stolen and theyre gone forever. so… oh, that was the last good item. so, good job, everybody
phyllis:  i have my hug
michael:  yeah, well, phyllis, nobody… really wants a hug, so
bob:  ill bid on a hug
michael:  shes your wife, you idiot
bob:  100 dollars
david wallace:  200
michael:  uh, what the hell is happening
andy:  250
angela:  what are you doing
andy:  i need a hug, unless youre gonna give me one
angela:  not here
bob:  300
michael:  300, we have 300. 300 going once. 300 going twice
dwight:  300 and one penny
michael:  300 and one penny, 300 and one penny
bob:  325
michael:  325, 325
david wallace:  350
michael:  350
dwight:  350 and one penny
michael:  350 and one penny
bob:  400.
michael:  400, 400 hey batter batter
dwight:  400 and one penny
michael:  400 and one penny
bob:  500
michael:  500
dwight:  500 and one penny
michael:  500 and one penny. one million dollar
bob:  700
michael:  700
dwight:  700 and one penny
michael:  humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna
bob:  1,00
dwight:  eh, its not worth it
michael:  1,000 going once, 1,000 going twice. sold for 1,000 dollar.  nicely done.
jim:   no. you know what? no. because… im not that guy. and  we are not that couple. 
michael:   hey, that looks good. listen, about the tickets. its sort of a gray-kind of a gray area in terms of…whether or not i had them- 
holly:  the springsteen tickets seemed too good to be true. but, a lot of michael seems too good to be true. so far its all true. but yeah, those tickets, really seemed too good to be true.
david wallace:   no, i did not know that michael was dating holly
