kelly:   wow you guys look amazing. stanley, i thought you hated halloween
phyllis:   shh. he wears that so he can sleep at his desk. who are you
kelly:  oh, im carrie bradshaw from sex and the city
phyllis:  mm. i like your shoes.
kelly:  thank you. will you help walk me to the fax machine
phyllis:  sure
ryan:  i got her, i got her. i can help you. you look amazing
kelly:  inappropriate. thank you. who are you, larry king
ryan:  gordon gekko.
kelly:  oh, from the insurance commercials
ryan:  … yeah.
oscar:  whoa. awesome
creed:  lets put a smile on that face
kevin:   dammit creed! ive been up since four!
andy:   meow. sweet ‘stume, dude. who are you supposed to be
jim:  dave
andy:  cool
jim:  you are? a cat
andy:   we were looking for “kitten.
jim:   oh, hang on one second. jim halpert
pam:  hey
jim:  hey new york, happy halloween
pam:  thanks.my costumes getting a lot of attention. 
pam:  so apparently no one dresses up for halloween here. i wish i had known that before i used greasepaint for my moustache. and i cant even take off my hat, because then im hitler.
dwight:   hm mm mm mm. want to see a magic trick? heh heh heh! im gonna make a pencil disapp– oh!  disappear.
michael:  okay, i think we are set. we have puzzles, string for cats cradles. burned this last night. a little road trip cd. puppets.
holly:  oh, look at all this stuff! its only seven hours.
michael:  when corporate found out that we were dating, they decided they were going to transfer holly back to her old branch, in nashua, new hampshire.
holly:  michael is taking a personal day to move me up
michael:  road trip!right
holly:  breaker one-nine, copy
michael:  oh, copy that breaker. those duke boys are at it again
darryl:  hey! do not touch my radio
michael:  were not
holly:  kidding
michael:  were not doing anything.
holly:  its been a weird week since we found out i had to transfer. michael wanted me to quit and get some job here in scranton, and i said “well, why dont you quit and get some job in nashua?” and he said “i asked you first.”and i said “first!” at the same time he did. and then i said “jinx.” and then we never talked about it again and havent been back to the conversation. so…
michael:  all right everybody. im out of here. jim, youre in charge
jim:  oh, ill walk you out
michael:  ah, you are quite the gentleman.
michael:  you can let people go a couple of minutes early if you want.
jim:  all right. well see.  no.
jim:  i am off to new york. my brother pete from boston, and my brother tom from new jersey are taking pam and i out for lunch, to celebrate the engagement. or maybe to beat me up. i can never tell with those two.
dwight:  good morning temp
ryan:  ‘morning.  wow. good morning dwight
dwight:  thought id go casual today. morning everyone. good morning.hello.how are you phyllis
andy:  ha ha ha. thats funny.  take that sweatshirt off!hey buddy.
dwight:  andy
andy:  remember when i jokingly yelled at you to take your sweatshirt off? totally joking. but, you should know, those colors are sacred. not that i care. but if youre not a cornell man, you probably shouldnt wear them
dwight:  no i get it. i totally understand. and uh, i just want to assure you, that i mean no disrespect. you see, im applying
andy:  come on, you think you can get into cornell
dwight:  well if somebody who barely out-sells phyllis, can get in, i should be fine
phyllis:  im sitting right here dwight
dwight:  i meant that as a compliment to you phyllis, as well as a slight to andy.
dwight:  cornell is a good school, and i want to better myself through higher education. if it makes andy angry, so be it. 
holly:  i have to unpack this weekend but maybe next weekend we go to the outlets
michael:  cool
darryl:  mike youll drive this every weekend
michael:  were gonna switch back and forth, the driving. sometimes well just meet in the middle. itll be fun. wait a sec. oh i love this song
dwight:  hey there. so uh, how do you think were gonna do against penn this year? nathan fords arm looks pretty strong
andy:  well hes had a pretty good season so far— stop saying “we.” you did not go to cornell. okay, youre just doing this to screw with me
dwight:  not so. cornell is an excellent school. without its agricultural program, we probably wouldnt have cabbage. at least not modern cabbage
andy:  i know its an excellent school, dwight. i went there. my blood runs big red
dwight:  someday, well both get together in comstock hall and just laugh about all of this.
pam:  hey
tom:  hey, future baby sis!
pam:  how are you tom. nice to see you
tom:  im good.
pam:  i asked tom and pete to come early so we could play a prank on jim at lunch! pretty awesome, right? i think theyre into the idea. theyre probably thinking, “that pam beasly, shes the coolest sister-in-law on the planet. shes the best! the absolute best.”
pam:  okay, so heres what im thinking. im gonna say that before ceramics class, i took off my ring, and then when i changed back out of my smock, it wasnt in my pocket anymore, and i lost it.
pete:  thats perfect. you know what would be even more hilarious? remember that thing we did when jim was in high school with his girlfriend
tom:  right! that would be hilarious! we should totally dog her, about being an artist, never making any money
pete:  that, is awesome
tom:  like she basically has a hobby, for a job
pete:  oh yeah
pam:  so, not the ring then? the- the- not doing the ring
pete: i think this is better
tom:  the other thing would “get” jim
pete:  this is nicer, its fun. its fun
pam:  okay, okay
tom:  oh, he hates it when we pick on his girlfriends
pam:  oookay….
pam:  they came up with that idea really fast.
darryl:  this trip was longer than i thought
holly:  yeah it did look shorter on the map
michael:  ah! ah! ahhhh! hey. whew. ow. i was having a nightmare
holly:  you were sleeping?you were talking before
michael:  was i?really? was i saying anything interesting
darryl:  not really
michael:  all right. whats the scoop, how far
darryl:  four hours. almost halfway there
holly:  were only halfway
michael:  halfway! okay, you know what i want to do, i want to pull over and find little bed and breakfast for when we meet in the middle. emphasis on the bed. and the breakfast
darryl:  next exit isnt for five miles
holly:  lets check there.
pam:  hey guys
jim:  hey, how are you?
pam:  hi!
jim:  good to see you
pete:  nice to see you again, pam
tom:  pam, i havent seen you in so, so long!
jim:  all right so now we can sit… and get comfortable.
darryl:  theres nothing out here man
michael:  yeah. i dont know i just- i imagined a hotel right here. pool, over here. really good breakfast place. with really good bacon.
michael:  here we go, fourth times a charm. “lifes like a road where you just… one day here, and the next day back…sometimes you deal with it, today you dont, sometimes you do, what you want… theres a world out there….  hey. are you crying
holly:  no
michael:  allergies
holly:  no
michael:  did darryl touch you
darryl:  what!
holly:  no, darryl did not touch me. can we just keep going, please? 
michael:  whats the matter
holly:  its not gonna work
michael:  sure it is
holly:  theres too much distance
michael:  oh no no no.. its gonna work, itll be fine
holly:  michael weve only been dating each other for a few week
michael:  listen to me. i like you so much
holly:  and i like you too
michael:  and ive dated four women in the last
holly:  ive dated four guys last year too
michael:  not last – no. in like the last ten years
holly:  oh
michael:  ive dated almost four women, and you are so far above them, it is stupid
holly:  michael. dont. dont. dont make it harder than it has to be
michael:  thats what she said.
michael:  holly thinks that this relationship is over. well, you know what? i am not gonna give up that easy. im gonna make this way harder than it needs to be.
andy:  take that down.
dwight:  excuse me
andy:  take. that down
meredith:  you know i once dated a couple of guys from cornell. they were really nice. they gave me a ride home
andy:  i seriously doubt that anyone from cornell dated you
creed:  its pronounced ker-nell. its the highest rank in the military
andy:  its pronounced “corn-ell!” its the highest rank in the ivy league
dwight: andy, lets just talk about this man-to-man, after work
andy:  fine.
dwight:  what do you say
andy: yeah, good. can we—  grr. heh heh heh. thats big red bear! thats a bobble big red bear! god!!
holly:  if you leave on friday, by five, youll be rolling in at… midnight? at best
michael:  yeah
holly:  and then sleep in saturday. that only leaves us less than 24 hours before you have to go back again
michael:  okay, okay. i will talk to you on the bluetooth the entire trip. so were talking constantly all the way.
holly:  oh.
michael:  ill tell you everything that i see. everything that i pass by, things that i witness on the road
holly:  well
michael:  maybe ill see an accident one weekend
holly:  how long could we keep that up
michael:  years
holly:  years
michael:  yeah
holly:  years?of just a few hours every weekend
michael:  heres my wish. i want you to meet a great guy, and i want you to be happy
holly:   thank you
michael:  my wish has come true, incidentally, because, youve met me, and you are happy
darryl:  clever, mike.
tom:  so pam, how much does an artist make after they leave art school
pete:  yeah, not a lot of money in the arts, right
jim:  thats not really true. theres a lot of things you can do with an art degree actually
tom:  maybe pam should pay the check by drawing a picture on this napkin
jim:  wow, thats- thats a little rude. whats your deal
pete:  hey, just having fun jimmy
tom:  yeah. right pam
pam:  yup! 
michael:  you know what? i think were a great couple. i think were a classic couple. i think were like romeo and juliet. i think we… go together so well.were like peanut butter and jelly, dont you think
holly:  i do, i think so
michael:  then dont do it. please dont do this. please dont do this.
darryl:   hey whats up, i just thought id try you. i was thinking about that story where you ran into the girl you used to babysit.
michael:  i dont know what im gonna do!
darryl:  please call me back
michael:  please
holly:  youll be oka
michael:  im not gonna be okay
darryl:  please
holly:  you will
michael:  no i wont! im not strong! and ill go back to jan, and i hate jan! oh god!
andy:   you might be interested-
stanley:  what
andy:  dwight
dwight:  andy, ive been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should i join? the harmoniacs, or the do-re-mi-gos
andy:  hm. assuming you had the voice to be in any of them, its irrelevant. because i called admissions and it looks like i, will be conducting your university interview
dwight:  thats a conflict of interest
andy:  yeah. big one. so, should i not let you in now, or do you want to do the interview, and then i wont let you in
dwight:   interview
andy: excellent. when the hourglass strikes three, then in the room whence employees confer
dwight:  what
andy:  the conference room
dwight:  okay.
andy:  who are your role models?
andy: if i had to put dwights chances into a percentage, i would say he has none percent chance.
andy:  so, dane cook, jack bauer, and eli whitney. youre doing great.
jim:  oh wow. this is my niece vanessa. shes a trumpeter. and, look at her
pam:  cute
jim:  that must be really fun for you and marci huh
tom:  yup. she only knows how to play “when the saints go marching in.
jim:  love that one
pete:  yeah but, she doesnt think shes gonna be like, career musician right
jim:  here you go again! what is your deal today
pete:  just saying. how many famous trumpeters can you name besides… louis armstrong
pam:  miles davis
jim:  one
pam:  chet …something
jim:  half
pete:  the point is pam, is there are jobs
pam: dizzy gillespie
jim:  also good
pete:  and there are hobbies. i love baseball more than anything, but you dont see me try to get on the mets
tom:  you dont
jim:  pete couldnt make the mets. shes at pratt. you played jv baseball. will you lighten up a little bit
pete:  im just calling it like i see it
pam:  i dont know if im gonna make any money with art
jim:  pam, dont worry about it
pam:  i mean its a very competitive field. but i have a professor who says i have a lot of promise, and if i dont try now, i never will. so
jim:  guys, what is going on?
tom:  we pranked you
pete:  it was pams idea. pam was the mastermind
pam:  … got you
pete:  that was killer. i was so close to blowing it.
andy:  lets see how well you know your big red history
dwight:  bring it
andy:  who was cornells eighth president
dwight:  dale raymond corson
andy:  mm, im sorry thats incorrect. cornells seventh president was in fact, james a. perkins.  comprehension skills, sub-par
dwight:  hmm, interviewing skills, sub-par.
andy:  what are you writing? cant even give cornell your full attention
dwight:  on the contrary, im helping cornell. by evaluating their interviewers
andy:  nobody wants …that, to happen
dwight:  well, when they get my evaluation well see if theyre interested
andy:  “applicant is attempting to blackmail interviewer, showing low moral character.
dwight:  “interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process.
andy:  “applicant is wasting everyones time with stupid and inane accusations.
dwight:  “interviewer has suspect motives.
andy:  “applicant has a head shaped like a trapezoid.”
dwight:  “interviewer has turned off applicants interest in cornell, and they are going to go to the vastly superior dartmouth.” ever heard of it? i think i have everything i need
andy:  i have everything i need-
dwight:  and you will be hearing from the 
andy:  and you will be hearing from 
dwight:  -cornell application department,
andy:  which i will not be a part of
dwight:  and you will not be pleased with the result.
andy:  and you will not be pleased with the result
dwight:  and your affiliation with cornell 
andy:  and your affiliation with cornell 
dwight:  will end completely
andy:  will end completely
dwight:   that is all sir, you may go.
darryl:   theres another dolly in the truck, mike. you could take more than that lamp.
pam:  for the record, i wanted go another direction. which was way better
jim:  well, ill be the judge of that. what do you got
pam:  okay. i lost my engagement ring in ceramics class. left it in my smock. i had this whole thing where i go back to class, wrongly accuse another girl. look i even used makeup to put a ring around my finger, you can hardly see it, its very subtle.
jim:  that is good
pam:  thank you
jim:  truthfully anything would have been better than that prank.  oh, text message from my brother. “pam cool. welcome to the family.
pam:  oh. hey how about at thanksgiving we prank tom about being bald?
darryl:  this is the last of it.
michael:  oh thats mine actually. um, maybe put it back in the truck
darryl:  youre not staying
michael:  you know i have some things i need to do this weekend. i just remembered, so, ill just ride back with you
darryl:  but you want me to put it back in the truck
michael:  ill be down in just a second.  holly?
michael:  so um… i think im gonna go back with darryl  okay.  goodbye
holly:  okay. bye.
darryl:  i know its hard mike. break-ups hurt
michael:  we didnt break up
darryl:  looked like it. sometimes when im down like this, it helps to sing the blues
michael:  okay
darryl:   da na na na na…da na na nana
michael:  thats a really pretty song.
darryl:  dana na na na.no, no, check it out, look. dana na na na… want to do that
michael:  okay
darryl:  thats when you hit me with whats getting you down, okay
michael:  okay
darryl:  dana na na na
michael:  dana na na na
darryl:  dana na na na
michael:  dana na na na
darryl:  no, wait. youre, youre supposed to… never mind. dana na na na
michael:  dana na na na
darryl:  dana na na na
michael:  dana na na na
darryl:  dana na na na!
michael:  dana na na na!!
darryl:  dana na na na 
michael:   dana na na na
darryl:  yeah!dana na na na
michael:   dana na na na
darryl:  yeah! dana na na na
michael:   dana na na na…
andy:  i thought id come in casual today. man, im hungry. anyone else feel like a beet
dwight:  where did you get those
andy:  what, these?bernard farms. best beets in the state
dwight:  i see what you are doing. but i do not know where you are going with this
andy:  well you will. soon as you visit, my new beet farm.  youre supposed to cook these, arent you
dwight:   cornell. 
oscar:  well miss you
holly:  well, ill be around
oscar:   isnt it a seven-hour drive
holly:  its not that bad. but if im really jonesing to see you guys, i can always fly
oscar:  i dont know if itll be shorter to fly.  you have to drive to boston, right? thats an hour and a half. get there an hour before the flight. now youre up two and a half hours. the flight to philadelphia is an hour fifteen. its another two and a half hour drive to scranton, assuming theres no traffic, because…
holly:   well, i just want to say goodbye.
oscar:  okay
holly:  okay
oscar:  bye
kevin:  well, hol, this is it
holly:  yeah, okay.
kevin: 
kevin: 
holly:   um, yeah, thats not gonna happen
kevin:  yeah, but you have to admit it would be wild
kelly:  so, youre dumping michael? smart
holly:  no, were gonna do the long-distance thing
kelly:  oh! you guys are gonna keep dating? thats so romantic
holly:  yeah, thanks
phyllis:  i almost quit my job so i could be closer to bob, and were in the same building
holly:  oh, well….look, we could always call, or email, or write. i should get all your email addresses
angela:  yes, well email you, and then youll have our addresses
holly:   its a little sad. michael and i just started dating. he wants me to stay and get a job around here as a baker. or a bakers helper
michael:   this is gonna be awesome. this is gonna be awesome. ive decided that on my drives to nashua, i am going to learn french, the language of love. and on my drives back, i am going to learn spanish; what the cleaning crew speaks
darryl:   im driving them up for five times what i wouldve made at work. i thought i made a good deal.  then i realized im gonna be trapped in a truck with mike all day
michael:   okay, am i grabbing this one
holly:   no, thats not what youre grabbing
michael: 
holly:  put….okay…
darryl:   hey, yall are not gonna be playing these little private games all the way.
holly:  sorry, darryl
darryl:  its like driving miss daisy, you know
holly:  all right
darryl:  you gotta include me in the conversation
michael:  fair enough
darryl:  if you dont mind
michael:  okay, okay. what kind of car games did you play in the ‘hood
darryl:  i got a game. cow surfing
michael:  cow surfing
darryl:  spot a cow, last person to say “jackson five” has to get on its back and ride it
michael:  really?
holly:  were there even cows where you grew up
darryl:  everybody got a government cow
michael:  cow surfing.  okay, here we go, theres a cow
michael:  oh, shoot! okay. all right. all right.  pull it over. here we go
darryl:  here we go. go get him, mike
michael:   im gonna do it
holly:   no, michael. its not a real game
darryl:  then why did you say “jackson five?
michael:  the man has a point
holly:  darryl…
darryl:  all right, i made it up
michael:   what? why
darryl:  because i wanted you to like me
michael:   i do! hey, come on
darryl:   okay
michael:  jackson five.
darryl:  
michael:   youre the one
holly:  no, you
michael:  you are
holly:  you are
michael:  no, you are
holly:  you are more
darryl: 
michael:  youre the best
holly:  youre better
michael:  youre better. youre better than my best
holly:  youre better than betterest
holly: 
michael:  here we go
holly:  hold your breath
michael:  okay, ready
darryl:   go
darryl:   at least its quiet
michael:  watch this. darryl, watch this
holly:  look, darryl, lip up
holly:  down, and give me 50
darryl:  hey, you know what would be fun? like, sleeping
michael:  yea
darryl:  you know
holly:   oh, snuggles
michael:  yeah. right, snuggle time
holly:  snuggles
darryl:  there you go
michael: 
holly:  spooning.
michael:  heres what i was thinking. the following weekend, i drive up
holly:  mmm hmm
michael:  we get right in the car, we pop up to montreal. its like another seven hours
holly:  ooh
michael:  speak
holly:  we could stay in a cozy b&amp;b with a fireplace
michael:  absolutely. oh, and you know what, darryl? you are invited to go as well
darryl:  oh, thanks. thanks. no
michael:  come on, itll be fun
darryl:  thank you. thank you. no.
michael:   hey, look at that. fun, right
holly:  mmm
michael:  mmm mmm! remember the 15-scooper we had last week? wasnt that good? i was scooperman, you were scoopy-doo. remember what you said? you were laughing
holly:  yeah
michael:  say what you said
holly:  no, michael. i dont…. im gonna puke
michael:   ill save you! im superman! scooperman
holly:  darryl didnt want any
michael:  i didnt ask.
michael:  we want the same things
holly:  i know, but from seven hours away
michael:  that is a lucky number. seven. 7-up. seven dwarfs
holly:  michael…
michael:  seven deadly sins. its a sign
darryl:  hey, yall wanna hear some loud music or something
holly:  im an atheist. did you know that? i dont know your religion. there are so many conversations that we havent even had yet
darryl:  hey, look, pennsylvania license plate! thats crazy! all the way out here! who can name all the states?
michael:   oh, its really cold here
holly:  oh, its just later
michael:  yeah
darryl:   here we go
michael:   can we have another? i think i blinked.
holly:   this is me here
michael:  oh, you have your own entrance. thats nice
darryl:  stairs. oh, man…
angela:  hes just trying to push your buttons
andy:  i dont care, so it doesnt matter
angela:  great, then it doesnt matter
andy:  you dont think he could get in, though….right? i mean, i dont care, but i just dont see how he could. i doubt he could get in
angela:   he is fiercely intelligent
andy:  i dont care either way, so….shut up
angela:  hes just….
andy:   dont tell me to calm down, dad!  dont do that! oh, god, of all people, i thought you would understand. youre an alum. this guy, hes….hes poking the bear!  yeah, okay, ill see you at thanksgiving. hi to mom. bye.
angela:  why are you doing this to andy
dwight:  you once told me that andy and i had different strengths. well, he cant do what i can do. i can get into cornell, but he doesnt know how to make food and shelter from a golden retriever
angela:   even if you do somehow get in, thats not going to make me leave andy
dwight:  no, but itll make you respect him less
angela:   yes, thats true
