michael:  hey, sport.
dwight:  i heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh? 
michael:  ow! god!
dwight:  oh, nothing can hurt you now. youre a man in love!
darryl:  i was there. that dude is not engaged. im not a big believer in therapy, but ill go into my own pocket to cover his co-pay.
andy:  big idea: double wedding. me, angela, you, holly.
michael:  no, we would never do that. and if we did, it would be with jim and pam.
jim:  yeah, wed never do that.
michael:  yeah, so there you go.
kelly:   michael, i got my bridesmaid dress.
michael:  oh, wow, so quickly.
kelly:  yeah, and you said i could get it in any color i wanted, so i picked white.
kevin:  michael, did you tell your mom yet?
michael:  nope. nope. not yet.
jim:  you wouldnt tell your mom?
kevin:  you love your mom.
kelly:  call your mom, michael. 
michael:  ill call her later.
group:   call her! call her!
michael:  i dont want to do that.  all right.  she is going to freak out!
andy:   speakerphone!
michael:  thats — thanks.
mother:   hello?
michael:  mom, im getting married.
mother:  no, youre not.
michael:  why do you always do that? whenever im getting married, you dont believe me.
mother:  well, are you getting married?
michael:  no. 
mother:  are you– 
michael:  im not, im not getting married. so…  psych.
kelly:  so i returned my bridesmaid dress, and it was on sale, so im out $100.
michael:  and im out a fiancee. are those the customer surveys?
kelly:  yeah, uh, this is all of them: jim, dwight, phyllis, stanley, andy and — oh. oh, its the receipt to my bridesmaid dress. whats that doing there? 
michael:  ill take care of that for you.  thanks.
michael:  kelly kapoor is our dusky, exotic customer service rep. and once a year, she will contact our clients and find out how happy they are with our salespeople. sort of a kapoors list. “schindlers list” parody. … thats not appropriate, no.
jim:  those reports affect our bonuses, which is kind of great for me, because you wouldnt know it from looking at her, but pams a gold-digger.
pam:   hey, new york aint free. get back to work.
jim:  aww.
pam:  its the worlds tiniest bluetooth. i found it in a japanese gadget store in the village. i got one for jim, too. jim, say something.
jim:   testing, testing. hello, everybody.
pam:  we wanted to stay on the phone all day, but the company has a policy against eight-hour personal calls. so were not telling anyone.
alex:  uh, pam. what do you want on your coffee?
jim and pam:  sprinkle of cinnamon.
pam:  i should go.
michael:  alrighty, dwighty, lets see how you did.
dwight:  bring it on. 
michael:  no.
dwight:  sorry.
michael:  wow.
dwight:  what does it say?
michael:  dwight, your feedback is horrible.
dwight:  thats impossible.
michael:  a number of your clients found your personal style abrasive and distasteful.
dwight:  i sell more paper than anyone. 
michael:  no, no, no, no, no.
dwight:  wait, is this a joke? im getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes.
michael:  do i look like i am joking?
dwight:  no, but thats sometimes part of it.
michael:  if i were joking, you would be laughing. do you look like you are laughing?
dwight:  impossible to say. i cant see myself.
michael:  youre not.
andy:  yo, tommy tuna, did you get your scores yet?
jim:  nope.
andy:  i got mine. they were really good.
pam:   i miss him.
jim:  you must be really proud.
andy:  yeah, pretty psyched. whoa! thats my mug.
jim:  oh, sorry. it was just — it was right here.
andy:  right, well, its mine, so if you could pour it out and get another one.
jim:  ok. or maybe i could finish the coffee thats in here and you could use  uh, oh — snoopy.
pam:  dont give him snoopy. thats mine.
andy:   it is a great mug. but its not my mug. that is my mug. so give it back.
jim:  how can you even be sure?
andy:  it has my face on it.
jim:   make the face.  yeah, i dont see it.
andy:  dude, that is my face!
pam:   what was that?
jim:  wow. that was dwight. he seems upset about something.
pam:  describe him exactly. what color mustard is his shirt? yellow or dijon?
jim:  it is… more of a spicy brown, actually.
dwight:  what are you mumbling about?
jim:  how was your meeting with michael?
dwight:  none of your business.
jim:  was it your scores?
dwight:  those cant be my scores, jim. for your information —
jim:  mm-hmm.
dwight:  im being sabotaged.
jim:  of course.
dwight:  and im going to find that person and punish them.
jim:  absolutely. or you could just be nice to your customers.
dwight:  youre an idiot.
jim:  theres the charm.
michael:  jimbo, lets do this thang.
jim:  that is me. wish me luck.
dwight:  no way.
pam:   good luck.
jim:  thanks.
dwight:  i didnt say anything
pam:  i love you.
jim:  i love you, too.
dwight:  what do you think i am saying to you?!
jim:  im not talking to you.
dwight:  ive caught jim talking to himself several times today. what a loser. get a friend, loser.
andy:   yeah, im looking at it right now. its really gorgeous. you guys do great work.
andy:  i found the best tentist on the east coast. he personally tented giulianis first and third weddings. and i got him.  i got him!
andy:   would you be able to do the same design, but with walls of gray? and a top thats gray too? fabulous.
michael:  oh, come on.
jim:  what?
michael:  you too?
jim:  did my scores drop a little?
michael:  jim, they are a poopy. 
pam:   jim? jim?
jim:  are we even sure thats my file?
michael:  no.  yes, i am sure, jim. it —
jim:  well, theres got to be an explanation.
michael:  i agree.
jim:  yeah.
michael:  so lets see what we can find out from reading.  jim halpert is smudge and arrogant.
jim:  i think you mean smug
michael:   arrogance.
jim:  michael, im just trying to —
michael:  and theres our smudgeness.
jim:  i need a decent bonus, because im actually in the process of buying my parents house so that they can retire. and if history tells us anything, its that you cant go wrong buying a house you cant afford. pam doesnt know about the house, so its… a fun surprise.  pam, sorry about that. i lost you for a second. so, as it turns out, i may not have done so hot on my customer reviews this year.
pam:  maybe its because you spent the whole year flirting with the receptionist.
jim:  a little bit. … worth it.
michael:  heres whats going to happen. i am going to have to fix you, manage you two on a more personal scale, a more micro form of management. jim, what is that called?
jim:  microgement.
michael:  boom! yes. now, jim is going to be the client. dwight, youre going to have to sell to him without being aggressive, hostile or difficult. lets go.
dwight:  all right, fine.  brrring.
jim:   hello?
dwight:  hello, this is dwight schrute from the dunder mifflin paper company.
jim:  wow, thats great, because i need paper.
dwight:  excellent, then you are in luck, because we are having a limited-time offer only on everything.
jim:  wow, this is my lucky day.
michael:   ask him his name.
dwight:  what is your name, sir?
jim:  i am bill buttlicker.
dwight:  really, thats your real name?
jim:  how dare you? my family built this country, by the way.
michael:  be respectful, dwight.
dwight:  yes, michael.
jim:  would you hold on one second? thats my other line.
dwight:  what? no, but i —
jim:  hello?  no, im just on the phone with this stupid salesman. hes so dumb. probably just gonna keep him on the line forever and not buy anything. yeah, ok. 
michael:  its up to you to change his mind.
jim:  sorry. that was a family emergency.
dwight:  oh, no. whats wrong?
jim:  you know what? thats private.
michael:  boundaries, dwight. come on!
dwight:  sorry, mr. buttlicker. as i was saying, were having a limited–
jim:  sorry, youre going to have to speak up a little bit louder. im hard of hearing.
michael:  hes hard of — hes an old man. lets go.
dwight:  ok, as i was saying, right now we are having —
jim:  youre gonna have to talk louder.
dwight:  ok, our prices have never been lower.
jim:  son, you have to talk louder.
dwight:  …never been lower!
jim:  louder, son!
dwight:   buttlicker! our prices have never been lower!
michael:  stop it! stop it!
dwight:  he —
michael:  that is totally inappropriate. you never yell at the client. you never yell at the client.
jim:  now, you listen to me, sir.
michael:  here we go.
jim:  the three words i would describe you as is aggressive, hostile and definitely difficult.
michael:  give me the phone.
dwight:  please, mr. buttlicker —
jim:  im irate right now.
michael:  give me the phone.
dwight:  please give me another chance. mr. buttlicker.
michael:  give me the phone. give me the phone.
dwight:  i have to put you on with my boss.
jim:  well, i should hope so.  who is this?
michael:  hello, this is michael scott, regional manager.
jim:  well, this is william m. buttlicker.
michael:  hello, mr. buttlicker. how may we help you?
jim:  michael, i like the sound of your voice. you know what im going to do? im going to buy one million dollars worth of paper products today.
dwight:   yeah!
michael:   see how its done?  thank you very much, sir. i dont think youll regret it.  see what i did?
dwight:  you are the master.
jim:  there is one condition, michael.
michael:  yes.
jim:  you have to fire the salesman that treated me so terribly.
dwight:  dont do it, michael.
michael:  …  its a million-dollar sale.
andy:  so its called the shangri-la tent. its two stories, heated and has a bridal suite for my bridal sweet. its just really simple, really tasteful.
angela:  i dont want to be married in a tent like a hobo
andy:  hobos live in trains.
angela:  nana mimi cant be in canvas that long.
andy:  well, nana mim — ahh. ok, look. this tent is awesome. and its in high demand, so i really think we should put a deposit down now.
angela:  ok fine you can have your tent, but only if its in a field, a hand-plowed field
andy:  done and done-er.
angela:  there has to be a barn thats old enough that you can see the stars through the roof slats when you lay on your back. and antique tools to look at when you roll over.
andy:  do you have a specific place in mind?
angela:  no. but anything within a five- to eight-mile radius is acceptable.
andy:  on it!
jim:  dwight. dwight. 
dwight:  get in!
jim:  are you serious?
dwight:  get in! 
jim:  ok, what are you —
dwight:  shh.  they might be listening to us.
jim:  whats that?
dwight:  they might be listening to us
jim:  whos they?
dwight :  customer service might be monitoring this conversation.
jim:  in this car?
dwight:  you never know. better safe than sorry.
jim:   what are you thinking?
dwight:  who stands to benefit from our downfall?
jim:  the mob, maybe nasa.
dwight:  could be the mob. but then dunder-mifflin would need to be a front for money laundering, and theres little evidence of that.
jim:  is there some evidence?
pam:   ooh, cute shoes online.
jim:  how many shoes do you need?
dwight:  i dont know. two, maybe three if one wears out. how many shoes do you need?
jim:  im not talking to you.
dwight:  who are you talking to?
jim:  pam.
dwight:  shes not here, jim.
jim:  no, shes not.
pam:   na na na na na. na na na na na na na.
andy:   yes!
andy:  i found it. i found the perfect place. a local bed-and-breakfast on a 60-acre beet farm. and even better, i have an in with the owner. oh, yeah. we work together. its dwight schrute. as in schrute farms.
customer:   so id like to redouble my order, ifyou could put me down for, um —
dwight:  wait, shut up.
customer:  im sorry?
dwight:  shh. do you hear that?
customer:  hear what?
dwight:  breathing. is that you?
customer:  well, i am breathing, yes.
dwight:  well, stop. hold your breath. i still hear it. whos there? kelly, is that you? hold on. 
customer:  i need paper.
dwight:   ha! 
kelly:  oh, my god. you scared me.
dwight:  hear anything interesting?
kelly:  what are you talking about?
dwight:   i think you know.
kelly:  you always say that, and i almost never know.
dwight:  what are you up to, girl? huh? phyllis put you up to this? stanley? are they paying you?
kelly:  are you accusing me of something?
dwight:  of course i am. i know youre the mastermind, but youre too stupid to do it by yourself.
jim:  : ok.
dwight:   ah!
jim:  easy.
dwight:  ok.
jim:  lets just — lets head back to the desk.
kelly:  you just cant come into my nook and call me stupid. and maybe if you were a little bit more nice and polite, then people wouldnt give you such bad customer reviews.
dwight:  the reason that i got bad customer reviews is because i didnt! there is a massive conspiracy going on here, and i know youre involved.
kelly:  dwight, get out of my nook!
pam:   thats what she said! thats what she said! thats what she said!
jim:  good one.
jim:   hey. sorry about dwight, by the way.
kelly:  yeah, hes weird.
jim:  well, we all handle it differently. i personally choose to handle it like a normal person, but…
kelly:  ok.
jim:  hey, how are you and darryl?
kelly:  um, were cool.  bye.
jim:  bye.
pam:   that was weird.
jim:  what was?
pam:  have you ever had a conversation with kelly where she didnt go on for 15 minutes without taking a breath?
jim:  no, actually.
pam:  did you do something to her?
jim:  i dont think so.
pam:  well, somethings off.
jim:  hey, hows things?
ryan:  all right.
jim:  yeah?
ryan:  living in the moment.
jim:  do you have any reason to believe that kelly would be mad at me?
ryan:  i dont play the politics game anymore, jim. can i tell you something? i played it full on in new york. i played it high stakes. for keeps. made it to the top. but look what it cost.  can i tell you what else i learned?
jim:  wait, thats pretty weird.
ryan:  what?
jim:  well, andy has a mug just like that.
ryan:  oh, yeah, kelly gave them out as party favors. remember? you got one.
jim:  no. what party?
ryan:  her americas got talent finale party over the summer.  thats crazy. it was packed. i thought everyone was there. you were there. i remember you being there.
jim:  i wasnt. but thank you.  do you know anything about this party?
pam:  yes, i said you definitely should go, but you wanted to visit me instead.
jim:  well, i cant be the only one who didnt — 
jim:  
jim:  dwight, let me see your coffee cup.
dwight:  no. 
jim:  is that it?
dwight:  no. why? no. 
jim:  ok, im gonna assume that was it. heres the thing: i think youre right. i think it was kelly. i think shes mad at us for not coming to her party.
dwight:  oh, man, i knew it. who are her co-conspirators?
jim:  probably just kelly.
dwight:  obviously. i knew it.
jim:  thats what im saying.
dwight:  yeah. what?
jim:  you were right.
dwight:  i was — i was right.
jim:  you were right.
dwight:  i was right.
jim:  you knew it.
dwight:  i knew it.
jim:  you knew it the whole time, buddy.
dwight:  i knew it the whole time, buddy! 
jim:  wow.
dwight:  yeah! woo-hoo!
pam:   right dwight is loud.
dwight:  i knew it! yeah! ha-ha! woo!  boom! kelly the whole time. lets get her.
jim:  no, no, no, no. dwight, dwight, dwight. lets talk about this.
kelly:  whats going on?
michael:  why dont you tell us?
kelly:  nothings going on.
dwight:  let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern india, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit.
michael:  dwight.  i was informed by these gentlemen that the reports that you filed may not entirely be accurate.
kelly:  what? i — i dont know what youre talking about. this is the first im hearing about this.
dwight:  oh, come on. you juked the stats, cupcake.
jim:  we called about a dozen customers, and they all said that they gave us great marks.
michael:  whats going on?
kelly:  i love your tie, michael.
michael:   kelly.
kelly:  i was raped.
michael:  you cannot say “i was raped” and expect all of your problems to go away, kelly. not again. dont keep doing that. ill give you one last chance to come clean. just tell me what happened.
kelly:  ok,all right. ok, i did it. all right? i lied, whatever. just fire me. but you know what? i did it because you guys didnt come to my party, and you said you would try to and then you didnt even show up, and so youre bad friends.
dwight:  we have our confession. im calling security. 
michael:  dont. dont. get away from that, dwight, please. you know what? shes got a point about you two. you do have a problem dealing with people.
kelly:  see? i wasnt lying.
michael:  you were lying.
kelly:  i was lying.
michael:  yes. jim, dwight, please excuse us.
dwight:  i want to be here when you fire her ass.
michael:  i will call you when it is time. 
michael:  i have an enormous amount of trouble trying to get people to come to my place. and i hate it. i cant tell you how much leftover guacamole i have ended up eating over the years. i dont even know why i make it in such great quantities. heres what were gonna do. we are going to sit here for a while, make it look good. and maybe you should cry. can you make yourself cry?
kelly:  no problem.
michael:  i think you should do that. 
alex:  pam beesley?
pam:  hey, what are you doing here?
jim:  whos that?
pam:  its alex.
alex:  its pam. uh, i came to kidnap you. theres free wine and cheese at the chuck close retrospective. lets go.
jim:  oh, thats gonna be great. whos chuck close?
pam:  oh, i love chuck close and his photo-realist paintings. but i have to work.
alex:  uh, well, actually theres something else id love to talk to you about. can we go somewhere else to talk about it?
pam:  ok.
jim:  thats it. i want to talk to this guy. put me in his ear.
alex:   um.
pam:  whats up?
alex:  im gonna take a big leap and i want to tell you that i think you should not move back to scranton.
pam:  wow.
jim:  im gonna make a bigger leap here. he is into you.
alex:  why did you come to new york in the first place?
pam:  because they have a great design program, and i wanted to see if i was any good at it. and i wanted to work on my art, too.
alex:  right. and thats why i think that you should stay here. because i mean, you — really you just got here, you know? you cant do new york in three months. you know, it has everything. it has — all the opportunity is here. all the — the whole art scene is in new york. you know, it would be nuts to go back to scranton without getting to fully experience it.
pam:  jims in scranton.
alex:  i know. but all im saying is, if theres even a teeny, tiny part of you that really wants to be an artist, then i think you should stay here, because you dont want to wake up in 50 years and look back and wonder what could have been. and that is the end of my speech. i planned it all. anyway …i will see you tomorrow.
pam:  ill see you tomorrow.
alex:  ok. 
dwight:  is that the matsuhashi b-400? the worlds tiniest bluetooth?  may i?
jim:  dont.
dwight:  congratulations on choosing schrute farms for your wedding.
andy:  we havent decided on anything yet. were still reviewing some options, and its gonna come down to the numbers.
dwight:  well, then. why dont you look over some of our materials? 
andy:  oh. hmm.
dwight:   while i describe to you the excalibur package. in addition to the breathtaking natural beauty and smell of schrute farms, i can promise you that our grounds can be catered to fit your exact specifications.  i will work tirelessly for you over the coming months and be at your constant disposal.  please feel free to call or stop by, any time of the day or night.
andy:  thats very generous.
dwight:  while you, my good friend, have nothing more to worry about. this wedding is officially out of your hands.
andy:  oh, thank the good lord. deal! 
dwight:  ok.
andy:  um, what are we talking price wise?
dwight:  you already said deal.
angela:  pay him whatever he wants.
andy:  cant argue with that. dwight …  you are going to make us so happy. 
meredith:  come on, how did you propose? spill it. were you wasted?
michael:  how did i propose, let me see… well, i drove her up to nashua, and i had the ring, a big 10-carat diamond; it was beautiful. and i got down on my hands and knees, and a shooting star crossed overhead, and it just lit up the diamond like a shooting star. and we were in a restaurant, and i put the diamond into a cheeseburger. 
michael:  and she took a bite, started to choke. so what do i do? i have cpr training. go around, start doing the heimlich.
jim:  perfect.
michael:  the ring, 10-carat diamond, pops out of her mouth, hits her shrimp cocktail, right onto her finger. million-to-one shot. all of the greek people in the restaurant start screaming “opa!” which means “congratulations,” so…
andy:  oh, man!
pam:   ask how hes doing since the breakup.
jim:  so, how you holdin up?
michael:  im pretty much devastated.
pam:  ask if theres anything you can do.
jim:  you know what you should do? take a vacation.
michael:  maybe go to sandals, jamaica. or the other sandals, jamaica. i just dont want to go by myself.
pam:  tell him youd like to go with him.
jim:  we should take a look at those surveys.
michael: why are surveys important? okay, hypothetical: a man wants to buy 500 reams of….carrots. and, so hes like “what do i do? where do i go? do i go to the insensitive carrot supplier, the insensitive carrot salesman? or do i go to the nice carrot salesman, who will maybe charge a few cents more per ream of carrot, but guarantee next-day delivery on your carrots? most companies need their carrots the next day. now, substitute paper for carrots, and that is why surveys are important.
michael:  great marks, phyllis. 
phyllis:   hey, i did good too!
stanley:  i knew it. haha! 
andy:   up! dont leave me hangin! 
dwight: what do i do with my bonus check?  simple. purchase paper from myself. boosts my sales, which boosts my bonus. last year i bought even more paper to make this years bonus even bigger. eventually, ill get a bonus so big i can retire on it. and ill use the paper to write my memoirs.
michael: i taught jim and dwight everything i know about sales. but there are certain things that cannot be taught, and it is these things that i now must teach them.
michael:  attention, all problem sales persons. jim halpert… dwight schrute…
dwight:   here.
michael:  intensive one-on-one retraining will begin after lunch. that is all.
andy:  i am no longer the worst salesman in the office. yes!  ow! dammit!
jim: dwight and i are both writing letters to our clients. im just sending a quick note to say how much i appreciate their business, and he is writing notarized letters to inform them them that lying on customer reviews is a prosecutable form of fraud and defamation. its just… different styles.
dwight: my job is to manipulate the customer into buying paper. in return, they give me money. i am the predator and they are the prey. would a mouse give a positive review to a hawk? should the hawk even care?  excuse me, ive got work to do
stanley:  
phyllis:   its good! 
dwight:  hey, what are you laughing at?
dwight:  are you laughing at me?
phyllis:  were laughing at this cartoon! 
stanley:  perfect, isnt it?
dwight:   how is that funny? what are you really laughing at? huh?
phyllis:  havent you been following the news? ther university is using its non-profit status to fund its private real estate investments.
stanley:   and he really nailed them on it. somebodys finally holding them accountable!
dwight:   theres no way youre laughing at this.
jim:   oh, i dont have anything to say. im just hiding from dwight.
dwight:  
dwight: its good to be paranoid. people need to be more paranoid. case in point, jfk. if i had been jfk, i would have seen all three gunmen. i would have pulled out my concealed luger and fired first. man in book depository, boom!grassy knoll, boom! fake jackie, boom! then i shoot myself, so i dont change history and create a paradox. boom! but right at the last minute,  i twist out of the way of the bullet. nice try, history. better luck next year.
jim: so, as it turns out, dwight is right. how bizarre.
pam:   i wonder what else dwights been right about….
dwight:  major pharmaceuticals do not want you to know that beet juice has medicinal value both as an aphrodisiac and a laxative.
dwight:  the scranton zoning board has a strong bias against beet farmers. the mayor is in the pocket of big lettuce.
dwight:  battlestar galactica isnt a documentary exactly. 
dwight:  the book all the presidents men is about a conspiracy, just not the one people think.
dwight:  jesus had a daughter, and she was the mona lisa.
dwight:  what we have come to know as fake crab meat is in fact real crab meat, and real crab meat is lobster
