michael:  did you know that in morocco it is common to exchange a small gift when meeting somebody for the first time?in japan you must always commit suicide to avoid embarrassment.in italy you must always wash your hands after going to the bathroom.this is considered to be polite
jim:  why are you telling us this
michael:  i am jetting off on an international business trip
jim:  where are you going
michael:  to can-a-da
jim:  where is it
michael:  canada
jim:  okay.
michael:  my boss is sending me abroad to do a presentation to an international client and i have always been intrigued by all things international.the women, the pancakes, the man of mystery…
michael:  meredith, i would like you to pretend that you are from abu dhabi
meredith:   hello
michael:  i am ashamed at your naked face. i must cover it with my jacket.  you are now sexy in your culture.
kevin:  t minus
jim:  six point five days.
creed:   one more week.
jim:  pam comes back from new york next week and everyone here has just been so excited for me. and involved. and intrusive. and weird.
phyllis:  on more week.
stanley:  heh heh. 
david wallace:   do you have your passport
michael:  i have my passport.
david wallace:  got your per diem
michael: i have my per diem.  i already know what i am going to spend this on.i am going to buy a sweater
david wallace:  michael, the… thats for your food
michael:  well ill just… ill use different money for that.
david wallace:  i was happy to send michael on this trip.hes been feeling pretty down since we had to transfer holly up to new hampshire.but this little perk really seemed to turn him around.  and its pretty tough to find somebody who wants to go up to winnipeg mid-november.
michael:  and business class air, like a five-star hotel in the sky, nothing but the best.actually better than a five-star hotel cause you get a big, cushy seat and you sit in a row of people and to eat, whatever the mind can imagine.i think i am going to have a filet with mushroom sauce
david wallace:  well, im just glad to know youre happy because you know i felt bad
michael: well that is all in the past
david wallace:  and in terms of nightlife, when you get there just ask the concierge
michael:  they have one of those?
michael:   lets do this
dwight:  wait, why do you need three suitcases
michael:  two are for souvenirs
dwight:  do you have your money belt
michael:  i do. its right here.
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no.you want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra.
michael:  no, i dont want to wear a bra
dwight:  here, let me help you.
michael:  stop it! stop it
dwight:  do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? i wash my hands of this
michael:  okay.where is my translator
andy:  monsieur
michael:  there he is
andy:  im just bidding a bon voyage a la mon petit fiancee. translation: goodbye my petite fiancee.
angela:  be good
andy:  i will try
angela:  meaning what
andy:  meaning i will try to get other dudes laid
michael:  yeah baby! thats what im talking about. that could be you  if you hadnt forgotten french.where is my numbers man
oscar:  here
michael:  there we go. our town car awaits
meredith:  its just a van
michael:  its not just a van
meredith:  look, i know my way around a van.that is just a van
michael:  dwight, can you get those please
dwight:  
michael:   welcome to cribs-the business class edition. check this out. mimosa
andy:  ah… sweet
michael:  handed to me as i sat down.this was my hot towel.it is still wet
andy:  michael gary scott rolling like a pimp
michael:  take a sip of that.
andy:  mmmhmmm
michael:  that good
andy:  mmmm…
michael:  dont drink all of it.give some to oscar
andy:  thats really good.
oscar:  im good
michael:  you want one of your own? i can hook you up
stewardess:  im sorry.youll need to keep moving
michael:  yes, this is beth.this is my personal valet/flight attendant and she will be helping me this morning
beth:  we need to keep the isle clear
michael:  yes…
andy:  oh…
michael:  get back, get back.come on, get back to the slums
andy:  oh boy.
michael:   hey… guys, check it out.my own personal dvd player and 20 movies
oscar:   andy brought one too
andy:   harry and the henderson
michael:  shhhh! keep it down
oscar:  i made egg salad sandwiches. do you want one?
michael:  could you have picked something stinkier to bring on a plane?  my god, oscar. really? do you have a bag of baby poop in there too, to share with everybody? no, i will be ordering my own food, thank you very much
michael:   hi
beth:  hi
michael:  um. id like to see a menu please
beth:  oh, im sorry. there are no meals on flights less than two hours
michael:  oh… okay.  doesnt matter, because i am going to take a nap.i think i am going to use my complimentary blindfold.i will don it… and oh! look at that.i cant see because i am in a–  gah
beth:  what would you like to drink?
ryan:   just checking out where im going to be pretty soon.when pam gets back.gonna be close quarters.gonna be a lot of tension
kelly:  for you.im with darryl
ryan: this looks like where ill probably do my pushups every day.
kelly:  is that supposed to impress me? 
kelly:   no. not going to happen.he has hurt me too much and too often.and i am in a healthy relationship so im not gonna flaunt it and im not gonna hurt him, but that door is closed.
kelly:   what are we doing?this is so wrong
ryan:  yeah… mmmmm…
michael:   this is nice.this is nice.move in here.very sweet… ah
oscar:  ill check us in
michael:  alright
andy:  very cool
michael:  very cool
andy:  we are going to find out where the action is, my friend
michael:  okay
andy: wheres the concierge
michael:  yes! wallace said there would be one of those
andy:  mmm… bingo!  follow moi, bro-sieur
michael:  wow
andy:   what about a nice sushi place?maybe a place with a view
concierge:  tsk… oh.matsuki.thats a good one.uh, you may walk there if you wish or you man take the number seventeen bus until 9:00.other than that you can take the taxi and the number is right there
michael:  wow! wow, i am blown away by this. i, um… i–ah! this is great, thank you
andy:  one final question. where might you find yourself on a winnipeg night like tonight
concierge:  oh, the huntsman is good
andy:   the huntsman
concierge:  down here… the financial district.
michael:  a concierge is like the winnipeg equivalent of a geisha.this is a woman who has been trained in the fine art of fanciness and pleasure.and when you meet one, it is intoxicating.just what the doctor ordered.
pam:   cant believe this.
jim:   are you sure
pam:   i just talked to my advisor. failing
jim:  wow. i thought you were good at flash
pam:  i was, and then they switched to acrobat just as i was learning quark.i hate computers
jim:  okay, okay, its no big deal.so youre not a computer geek
pam:  i have to stay and retake it
jim:   w—wow. um. well… okay
pam:  that means another twelve weeks. can you do this for another three months
jim:  its not— its not about me.i mean, this your dream
pam:   i know
jim:  and you went to new york to do this.so when you come back you come back the right way. right
pam:   right
jim:   you okay
pam:   yeah im fine.um… my cell phone batterys low, so i have to let you go
jim:  okay
pam:  alright
jim:  alright
pam:   love you. bye
jim:  love you too. 
michael:  guys, shes in there
andy:  engaging wings
oscar:  im probably going to leave after one drink
michael:  lets do this
andy:  yeah with a hot slab of canadian bacon in your hand
michael:   excuse me, hello. concierge marie. michael scott.good to see you again
marie:  good to see you
michael:  um, this is my associate uh, from dunder mifflin, uh, oscar martinez
oscar:  nice to meet you.
marie:  oscar
michael:  works in accounting.this is uh, concierge marie
oscar:  yes
michael:  …who works at our hotel.you look, how do you say, radiant tonight
marie:  thank you
michael:  and it is, how do you say, a beautiful night
oscar:  michael, why
michael:  shes foreign.i am
andy:  for madame et monsieur.
michael:  oh, thank you
andy:  youre welcome
michael:  thank you, andy
marie:  thank you
andy:  let me get a picture of you guys.
michael:  everyone is going to end up dying someday.and i think its better to die with people you like… like oscar, and andy, and concierge marie… than to know that theres somebody out there that you love that youre not with.
andy: alright, ive scoped out the joint.those two dudes are as good as naked.
oscar:  how do you even know theyre gay
andy:  come on! its dandy dale and foppy mcgee over there.  mademoiselle! beer me dos long island iced teas sill vous plait.  bad decision in a glass.
andy:  i dont care if youre gay, straight, engaged… whatever. a guy needs intercourse.
andy: youll thank me when they spank thee
oscar:  dont do this.
andy:  do you guys like apples
guy at table:  what
andy:  do you like apples
guy at table:  uh, sorry… what
andy:  well, how do you like these apples?  alright, on a scale of 1 – 10, how hot is that dude?
guy at table:  is he your boyfriend or something
andy:  no, but he could be yours if you play your cards right
guy:  dude, leave us alone alright
andy:  gentleman.
oscar:  what are you doing
andy:  dude, you struck out.theyre totally stuck up.here… drink up.
michael:  how about this one? its christmas eve
concierge marie:  mmm-hmmm
michael:  —and everythings closed and you need to get some dry cleaning done. 12:00 midnight. where do you go? what do you do?what do you do? come on! what do you do
marie:  uh…a stro cleaners on st. johns place is the only place open on that day
michael:  unbelievable! unbelievable.
oscar:  if you dont mind me asking
andy:  anything.you can ask me anything
oscar:  okay
andy:  im your wingman
oscar:  its just that ive sat next to angela for a very long, very long time
andy:  right-o
oscar:  how could anyone stand that woman
andy:  what
oscar:  what do you see in her?wh — what do you see in angela
andy:  what do i see in angela
oscar:  i want to know
andy:  i see through a hard exterior to a little jelly in the middle.she is teaching me to be a better person. and shes working really hard on that.and she has the softest skin ive ever seen and i cant wait to have sex with her
oscar:  you havent had sex
andy:  no
oscar:  y–are you guys waiting to get married, or
andy:  honestly, i dont know what were waiting for
oscar:  andy, something is wrong with that woman
andy:  what is wrong with her
oscar:  id like to know.you should call her and ask her. id like to know whats wrong with her
andy:  i should call her and ask her. what is wrong with her
oscar:  do it! its a— call her! oh my god, dont call her! dont call her, andy.  andy, dont call her!
andy:  too late, too late. its dialing… now its ringing.  shh
angela:   hello? hello
andy:  what is wrong with you
oscar:  why wont you do andy
angela:  what
andy:  that was oscar and he wants to know why you wont do me and i think its a valid question
angela:  are you drunk
andy:  this is andy bernard
angela:  i know who this is
andy:  i wanna take you to sex school
angela:  what
dwight:   who is that monkey
andy:  is somebody there
angela:  are you drunk
andy:  i have needs
angela:  we will discuss this later
andy:  naked
angela:  what
andy:  well discuss it later naked.i want to see you naked.
michael:   do you want to get some breakfast or something
concierge marie:  i am so tired
michael:  okay.
jim:   how does everyone know already
dwight:  know what
meredith:  pam failed art school
dwight:  oh, well, doesnt surprise me
jim:  excuse me
dwight:  have you seen her painting, jim? the building? there are shadows coming from two different directions
phyllis:  dwight, stop it
stanley:  dwight
dwight:  what? are there two suns
meredith:  come on
stanley:  oh my god
dwight:  last i checked, thats not an office building in the andromeda galaxy
jim:  im gonna grab a cup of coffee
dwight:  its totally unrealistic.there are no lines in the parking lot.
andy:  osca
oscar:  hey
andy:  that was fun last night
oscar:  yeah, it was
andy:  you know, its true what they say— long island iced teas are way stronger in canada
oscar:  hey, um… thanks for trying to hook me up
andy:  you kidding me? its what i do. get the whole nine ‘nards.
oscar:  i cant believe we called her up.
andy:  totally.  what— who
oscar:  im talking about angela. i cant believe we called her up last night
andy:  we called angela
oscar:  you— you call— you called her
andy:  that was real?! i thought i dreamed that.oh, god
oscar:  alright
andy:  oh, god
oscar:  okay
andy:  so bad
oscar:  good morning, michael. are you ready for the meeting
michael:  slept like a baby.
kelly:  mmmm…. mmm. this cant happen again
ryan:  this has to happen again. darryl cant happen again. look at me. do you want me to do more push-ups
kelly:  yeah
ryan:  okay. you have to break up with darryl.i already typed out a text message for you.all you have to do is press “send”
kelly:  i dont know.i mean, its well-written and all, i just
ryan:  has to be done. well press send together.
kelly:  oh my god.hes going to kill us
ryan:  id like to see him try.
kelly:  oh! he says its cool.  he said, “its cool”
ryan:  thats all he wrote
kelly:  thats all he wrote
ryan:  can i see it
kelly:  mmm hmm
ryan:  didnt you two date for like a long time
kelly:  mmm hmm. its like a fairy tale!  mmmm…
client:  ill be honest with you— weve been talking with catalyst paper. their prices are better than yours
michael:  look, people continue to come back to us time and time again because they feel cared for here.they feel respected and they feel that their needs matter.they are treated like human beings.
client:  everything okay
michael:  yes.
andy:  oh man, she is so pissed.
oscar:  mmm
andy:  shes taking us back to first base
oscar:  what is first base with angela
andy:  i get to kiss her forehead.  i had a good time hanging out this weekend
oscar:  i had a good time too
andy:  wingman for life. w.m.f.
oscar:  thank you
andy:  you up for a chest bump
oscar:  no
andy:  bro hug?  back to basics. i like it.
andy:  i had to go all the way to canada to get to know a guy who sits 20 feet away from me.and hes delightful! 
david wallace:   hey! i just heard you guys made the sale
michael:  yeah, we locked him up for two years
david wallace:  good, very good.see, told you.sounds like somebody had a good trip
michael:  no. actually the trip sucked
david wallace:  excuse me
michael:  the trip sucked, david. it blew chunks. it was terrible. it was a bad trip
david wallace:  what are you talking about
michael:  i did not like the trip. well, starting with her airport shuttle which was basically just a van
david wallace:  okay
michael:  and business class which was basically just coach. and the hotel which sucked big time
david wallace:  the hotel? what, m— okay
michael:  it was not, it sucked
david wallace:  im sorry to hear the hotel was bad
michael:  oh and thanks for the tip on the concerige.that was great.that was great.that was— that was a
dacvid walalce:  okay, okay. hey, hey, hey
michael:  that was a really good choice
david wallcve:  michael, please lets listen for a second
michael:  no, david. you listen to me.why did you send her away? that— god.you knew i liked her and you just sent her away.and that— that was a sucky thing to do man
dacvid wallace:  michael, sometimes
michael:  that was a really sucky thing to do
david wallace:  sometimes, we– 
michael:  why have i stayed at dunder mifflin for so long? certainly not because of the paycheck.‘cause i could be making more money as a doctor or a professional athlete.i think its because they respect me.a boss that will not fire you, even though you just tell him off… right to his face… over the hone.thats respect.
kevin: you did it, man.  day one. congrats
jim:  thanks man.
pam:  im coming back the wrong way. its not because of you.i dont like graphic design. thats it.  stop smiling. i really didnt like it.its just designing logos and stuff…. and i miss scranton.but it is not because i missed you. i just really wanted to come home… and i know you said to come home the right way, but you cant tell me what to do. got it
jim:  i missed you
pam:  i missed you too.
dwight:  youre back
pam:  uh, yeah
dwight:  good. i need you to make five copies of these.
pam:  im not going inside
dwight:  alright. first thing in the morning then
jim:  welcome back.
kelly:  were back together again baby
ryan:  were back
kelly:  they tried to keep us apart, but they couldnt. it was like destiny
ryan:  i— i realized that for whatever reason i… just couldnt do better than kelly
kelly:  oh
ryan:   yeah.
