angela:  are you swallowing them whole?youre eating them so fast, are they even touching your tongue
kevin:   yes
dwight:  brownies is it? hm. pastry cubes made of sugar and fat? no thank you, ill stick with my jerkie
jim:  so why did you come in here
dwight:  to socialize.and inform
michael:  oh brownies! im taking two so i can parcel them up and eat them at my leisure later on, much healthier
ryan:  youre taking two
kelly:  yeah, um, but one of them is for toby.
michael:  yeah why dont you send that to him in costa rica
kelly:  um, im just gonna hand it to him right now
michael:  heh, okay, weirdo
jim:  why is that, why is that weird
michael:  she said she was going to give it to him right now.
jim:   shes probably going to, cause they sit next to each other
michael:  yeah, they used to
jim:  toby works here again
michael:  oh, can you imagine
jim:  oh no
michael:  uhhgh
jim:  you dont know
michael:  i dont know.what
jim:  you should probably just meander back there; take a look.see if hes, see if hes back
michael:  hmmm, dare i? you know what? im going to, for old times sake. great practical joke jim, you got me to go to the annex.
toby:  hi, micha
michael:  noooo! god! no, god, please no! no! no! nooo!
michael:   look at him.with his stupid face.stupid… tan. no
dwight:  he looks great
michael:  no
dwight:  well rested
michael:  he looks worse.
david:  michael, is everyone okay
michael:  uh, well im afraid not.toby flenderson, of h.r., has made a sudden reappearance
david:  i dont understand, is anyone hurt
michael:  not on the surface, no, but i can tell people are disturbed, david
david:  michael, you texted me, 911 call me
michael:  yes
david:  all in caps.do you know what 911 means?
michael:  i learned a while back that if i dont text 911 people will not return my calls.um, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened.
david:  now what im curious about is how you were able to go an entire a week without knowing a member of your staff was there
michael:  i did not want to go back to the annex because that is where holly worked whom i loved
dwight:  also, its icky back there
michael:  thats true.people say its icky
david:  okay, i have to go
michael:  david, wait
david:  no
michael:  is there no way we can get rid of him
david:  not without cause, michael
michael:  i have cause.it is be-cause i hate him
david:  you have to get along with toby
michael:  no
david:  yep
michael:  i dont
david:  goodbye, michael.
michael:   dont do that.
pam:   oh, come on!  do you see this?disgusting.
andy:  so, tunes, you still gonna buy your old mans place
jim:  yeah, i am.wait, how do you know that?i didnt tell you that
andy:  ehhh no, i was just walking by your desk.i saw some email.i got peepers of an eagle
jim:  thats really not cool
andy:  kaaw
kevin:  so jim, youre gonna live in the same house that you used to pee the bed in
jim:  yeah, i guess technically kev, youre right.
jim:  todays a big day.todays the day that i show pam the house that i bought for us. without telling her. but its my parents house, the house i grew up in and yeah, i bought it kind of impulsively. i mean, the price was good and i was helping out my mom.its got shag carpets.i mean you cant blame my parents it was the 70s.and why would you want to buy ugly wood from trees when you can have paneling? and a painting of some creepy clowns that is apparently crucial to the structural integrity of the building. shes gonna love it.right?
jim:  could you guys all do me a favor and not talk about this until i tell pam
andy:  whoa, you havent told the misses about the castle?youre in for a spanking my friend.myself and my lady? – no secrets
phyllis:  jim, dont listen to andy.i think its so romantic
jim:  oh thanks, phyllis
phyllis:  wheres your place
jim:  oh, its on uh linden ave?by the quarry
phyllis:  ohhh
creed:  cool beans, man, i live by the quarry.we should hang out by the quarry and throw things down there
jim:  definitely we should.
oscar:   “to whoever made the microwave mess: the microwave is a shared kitchen appliance.by not cleaning it up you are basically telling whoever follows that their time is less valuable, as they will have to scrub out your disgusting splatter.sincerely, disappointed.
andy:  that is just obnoxious
oscar:  no kidding
pam:  yeah.wait, what, the mess or the note
oscar:  the note.so “holier than thou”
angela:  hmm, i liked it
pam:  dont you think the person who left the mess is the obnoxious one
andy:  no, the note is way more obnoxious than the mess
meredith:  sincerely, disappointed? get off your high horse, richie
pam:  just because someone likes things clean, doesnt mean theyre rich
meredith:  yeh, theyre rich.
michael:  you want to see some really high caliber acting?well, mr. kurt russell, you are about to be served.  hey toby, great to have you back, man.seriously, just a, just a real pleasure to see you again
toby:  well thanks michael
michael:  youre welcome.missed you.missed you as part of our family
toby:  well thats sweet, i missed you guys too
michael:  so costa rica that was – did you have fun?that must have been fun
toby:  well, um, it was amazing.it really was, thanks for asking.um the beaches were pristine
michael:  nice beaches, pristine beaches
toby:  …and, yeah, the whole thing was incredibly cathartic
michael:  whyd you come back?why didnt you stay
toby:  it was actually kind of hard to meet people i found
michael:  i bet, for you
toby:  and uh, yeah, plus it was hot
michael:   shhh hot, why didnt you get an air-condition— should have gotten an air-conditioner for yourself
toby:  are you all right, michael
michael:  yeah, i am.i am.
michael:  i tried, i tried.i tried to talk to toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil… snail.i feel like im dying inside.i feel like neve campbell in sream ii.she thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then, the murderer comes back and starts killing off all of her friends.i learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them.
michael:  okay, just summarize
dwight:  okay, fireable offenses include: workplace violence and sexual harassment
michael:  thats it, thats it, perfect.we will get him to hit on somebody, and then we will catch him in the act
dwight:  i love catching people in the act.thats why i always whip open doors
michael:  mm.me too.okay, lets get this started
dwight:  okay
michael:  what are you doing
dwight:   i am the bait
michael:  for what
dwight:  men find me desirable
michael:  no, no, no
dwight:  oh, its a good day too. im wearing my mustard shirt
michael:  youre the bait for toby
dwight:  mmhmm
michael:  no, for one thing, hes not gay.and if somebody were to be bait it would be jim.or ryan.or me
dwight:  men find me desirable
michael:  yes, sure they do, dwight.
pam:  when it comes down to it, its a health issue.i should have written that.
jim:  mmhmm, yeah
pam:   why arent you as mad or interested in this as me
jim:  oh totally.sorry, are we talking about the microwave still
pam:  are you inching away from me
jim:  no
pam:  reach your arms out
jim:   im always this close
michael:  pamtown lady sing this song, doo-dah doo-dah.hello, pam.jim may i have a moment with pam please
jim:  yes, i just have to take this call anyway so
michael:  oh, oooh his mistress.no. im kidding.no one would ever cheat on you; you are the complete package, pam
pam:  what do you need, michael
michael:  okay, what i would like you to do is take this folded note, and deliver it to toby flenderson?i just want you to just react to whatever this note elicits.do not read it beforehand.can you do that for me
michael:  good.  n-no no no, dont
pam:  “please hug and kiss me, no matter how hard i struggle.im too shy to tell you that i love you.
michael:  pam.pam, you gave me your word.
ryan:   you did that for me
kelly:  mmhmm
ryan:  are you happy you did
toby:  hey guys thats really inappropriate
ryan:  whats up
michael:  um, i got some photos from costa rica if you want to see them
ryan:  yeah, yeah ill see them
michael:  toby can i see those? ooh.  whats the matter?whats the matter? you scared
dwight:  those are fighting words
michael:  you mad? you mad at me
dwight:  i hope he doesnt haul off and just hit you
michael:  do you want to do that?you want to hit me, you want to punch me
dwight:  hmmm
michael:  huh?he might do it
kelly:  punch him, toby!
michael:  i dare you to.come on
dwight:  come on.  baaah
michael:  whats the matter… haaaww
dwight:  hit him!hit him, chicken
ryan:  yeah, punch him
michael:  hey hey! come on, ryan, whos side are you on
dwight:  ryan.come on, man
michael:  no do it, do it.i dare you
dwight:  punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face
michael:  not, not as hard as you can, just a good, solid punch.come on! come oooon
toby:  im not going to punch you, michael
dwight:  are you really not going to punch him
toby:  no, why would i punch you
michael:  son of a bitch
ryan:   you should have hit him man, guy was asking for it.once in a lifetime, man.
dwight:  i thought you were going to parcel those out through the da
michael:   just stop it.you havent done anything helpful all day
dwight:  theres still one thing we could do to get toby fired
michael:  whats that
dwight:   frame him, for using drugs.
michael:  frame him
dwight:  yeah, its illegal, but… everything they do on the shield is illegal
michael:  ive never framed a man before, have you
dwight:  oh ive framed animals before.i framed a raccoon for opening a christmas present.and i framed a bear for eating out of the garbage
michael:  just seems awfully mean.but sometimes the ends justify the mean.
michael:  hello.ive seen you guys around.im michael scott, dunder mifflin.how you doing? uhghh, so i guess you know why im here?i need to purchase something
michael:  no. uh, i wanted— i wanted to buy some weed? some
michael:  grass, weed
leo:  what makes you think wed have weed
michael:  i heard you drug—i heard you dealt
michael:  im not wearing a wire, so
leo:  why would you even say that
michael:  how much? how many pounds is it
leo:  walk away
ryan:  hey, pam?i just wanted to let you know; im totally on your side with the whole microwave situation
pam:  thank you
ryan:  i was just back there, to make some cup-o-soup; the thing is still a huge mess.
pam:  i know, can you believe it
ryan:  yeah, its crazy.but, i guess the thing is at some point, notes or no notes, someones gonna have to just get there and clean it up
pam:  i guess thats why we have a temp, huh
ryan:  ah ha ha, oh no, trust me.i would just make it worse
pam:  how would wiping it with a paper towel make it worse
ryan:  i— i would find a way
pam:  youve seen things cleaned before though, right
ryan:  i— pam, i am hopeless at that stuff i… i, uh…
kelly:  hi, michael
michael:  hey, hey, hey.hey.i forgot… i forgot…
dwight:   yes, i repeat a drug dealer is on the premisis of dunder mifflin.his name is toby flenderson  and he recently returned from a mysterious vacation in central america.i have risked a great deal to tell you this information.my name is andy bernard.andrew bernard, thats my name.see you soon.
pam:  i dont know anything about that
pam:  here
dwight:  hey, pam. hey i got this, okay?hello, officers, dwight schrute, former volunteer sheriffs deputy.listen, i may have inside information that someone is hiding drugs in this very office.
creed:  just pretend like were talking until the cops leave.
michael:  those are real cops, real guns.i wonder whats going on.
dwight:  officers, i reveal to you the perpetrator
toby:  hey, what is this
dwight:  search his things
toby:  why
toby:  hey, whats going on?you dont have my permission to do this
dwight:  they dont need your permission, flenderson, theyve got the companys permission
toby:  hey, hey what are- why are you doing this
michael:  uh, you know what?i think that this… uh, this is probably a misunderstanding
toby:  dont search my stuff
toby:  i have a reasonable right to privacy
dwight:  save your whining for the jury there, flenderson
toby:  michael
michael:  yeah, lets just cancel this, okay
toby:  oh my god
michael:  no, no no no… no, no
toby:  that was… i went to costa rica for a few months.what is going on
michael:  no, that was… that was legitimate.that was totally legitimate
michael:  oh god
toby:  that is not mine.i have never seen that before
michael:  no, no no no no
toby:  what is going on here
michael:  god! no, thats not… i dont know what that is.and i… i bet he has nothing to do with that
toby:  of course not
michael:  ahh, thats mine
dwight:  no! michael, no
michael:  yes, its mine
michael:  are you kidding me?thats my salad
dwight:  so wait a minute, theres no drugs
dwight:  gahh, dammit!  come on
dwight:  wait, officers, are you sure you dont want to interrogate him
dwight:   you have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation.why dont you use them
michael:  you must feel pretty good about yourself right now
toby:  i didnt put caprese salad in my drawer, michael
michael:  hmm
toby:  did you
michael:  since when is it illegal to put caprese salad… anywhere.
toby:  you know but the police could have been out there you know, catching real criminals instead of here searching my stuff
michael:  are you kidding me?are you kidding me, thats who youre worried about?youre… youre worried about the cops time?you think i framed you, and youre worried about the taxpayer?dah, god! welcome back, jerky jerk-face.
michael:  you said you were leaving and you made liars out of all of us.so
toby:  i did leave
michael:  yes, you did.and then you came back, which makes you the biggest liar of… history
toby:  well, i dont see it that way
michael:  do you want to hear a lie
toby:  what
michael:  i think youre great.youre my best friend.
ryan:   i cant do this
kelly:  cant do what
ryan:  its not fair to you.and its really not fair to me
kelly:  wait, what are you saying?i broke up with darryl so i could be with you
ryan:  that was your choice; dont put that on me.im just going on a little trip
kelly:  oh, can i come
ryan:  its not that kind of trip.im going to thailand with some friends from high school, well, a high school.and if i dont do it now ill never get to go.and ill always resent you for it… you dont want me to resent you, do you
kelly:  so youre dumping me
ryan:  lets be adults about this.lets have sex one more time.and if you have any extra cash, that would be amazing
kelly:  okay?
jim:   hey, do you mind if we make a stop on the way home
pam:  sure
jim:  cool.
pam:   what are we doing at your parents house
jim:  i have a surprise for you.all right, ready?close your eyes and now  open your eyes.tadah
pam:  i dont get it
jim:  i bought it.its ours.lets go inside, ill show you inside. so if you can believe it i did it without a realtor.saving on closing costs is good and, uh, we can put all the money to de-shag the carpet.which i think will help, the color situation. yeah, i am really sorry about this.i tried to move it but he is really nailed in there.worried about art theft, i guess, lot of art theives in this neighborhood. this is the master bedroom but, im actually not allowed in here so… 
jim:   so im still in the process of converting the garage.its got great light in here and im thinking, it could be perfect  for an art studio. look, i know, i bought this without asking you and its doesnt look great, i know that.and if you really hate it, i totally understand its just
pam:  i love it
jim:  you do
pam:  yeah, i love it
jim:  really
pam:  i mean, you bought me a house
jim:  oh my god
pam:  you bought me a house
jim:  yeah, i did.
pam:  um, do we have to sleep in your parents bedroom
jim:  no, no, well just board that up.itll be that weird spare room that people ask us about
pam:  and the clown
jim:  yeah, i cant… really cant move him.
dwight:  what is my perfect crime?i break into tiffanys at midnight.do i go for the vault? no, i go for the chandelier.its priceless.as im taking it down, a woman catches me.she tells me to stop.its her fathers business.shes tiffany.i say no.we make love all night.in the morning the cops come and i escape in one of their uniforms.i tell her to meet me in mexico but i go to canada.i dont trust her.besides, i like the cold.thirty years later, i get a postcard.i have a son and hes the chief of police.this is where the story gets interesting: i tell tiffany to meet me in paris, by the trocadero.shes been waiting for me all these years; shes never taken another lover.i dont care, i dont show up. i go to berlin.thats where i stashed the chandelier.
