oscar:  here are our final actual costs for this year
michael:  mmm… okay
oscar:  as you can see, we did pretty well, so
michael:  yes. yes, i can see… that we did indeed. why dont you explain this to me like i am an eight-year old
oscar:  alright, well this is the overall budget for this fiscal year along the x-axis
michael:  yes
oscar:  right there
michael:  theres the x-ax…icks
oscar:  you can see clearly on this page that we have a surplus of $4300
michael:  mmhmm, okay
oscar:  but we have to spend that by the end of the day or it will be deducted from next years budget
michael:  why dont you explain this to me like im five
oscar:  your mommy and daddy give you ten dollars to open up a lemonade stand. so you go out and you buy cups and you buy lemons and you buy sugar. and now you find out that it only costs you nine dollars
michael:  ho-oh
oscar:  so you have an extra dollar
michael:  yeah
oscar:  so you can give that dollar back to mommy and daddy, but guess what? next summer
michael:  ill be six
oscar:  and you ask them for money, theyre gonna give you nine dollars. ‘cause thats what they think it costs to run the stand. so what you want to do is spend that dollar on something now, so that your parents think it costs ten dollars to run the lemonade stand
michael:  so the dollars a surplus. this is a surplus
oscar:  we have to spend that $4300 by the end of the day or itll be deducted from next years budget
michael:   whoo
oscar:  we should spend this money on a new copier, which we desperately need
michael:  okay, break it down in terms of, um… okay, i-i think im getting you…
michael:  guess what, everybody? christmas has come early this year. oscar, very smartly, has discovered an extra $4300 in the budget. thank you, oscar. and i have decided with that money i am going to buy a new, drum roll please…  can anybody guess
pam:  new chairs
michael:  no, a new copier!  unless everybody can agree on something better
oscar:  no, no, please. please do not do this
pam:  yes, michael, new chairs. these chairs are terrible. we were supposed to get new ones last year
michael:  so… we all agree to get new chairs then. good
pam:   good? yeah, he said good, im good
oscar:  now listen, we are a paper company. how can we take pride in our jobs if we have to put our fine paper in this wretched machine
pam:  oscar, no. this is not the time for one of your principled stands
oscar:  pam, you make more copies than anyone
pam:  exactly. that should tell you how terrible the chairs are
michael:  okay. okay, good suggestions. all good suggestions. uh, lets just decide and agree upon one
stanley:  im with pam. chairs
michael:  alright, so, teams forming
toby:  we should really have the offices air quality tested. we have radon coming from below, we have asbestos in the ceilings. these are silent killers
michael:  you are the silent killer. go back to the annex
toby:  youll see
pam:  michael
michael:  yes
pam:  ive talked to meredith, stanley and jim about the chairs. i know theyre with me on this
jim:  uh, actually, im gonna go with copier
pam:  what? jim.
jim:  ever since pam and i started dating, i just feel weird asking her to make copies for me. so, i make my own copies. and that copier sucks. let me tell you, i-but you know what? pam and i dont have to agree on everything.
meredith:  jim, good for you, standing up to pam like that
creed:  the balls on you, man
oscar:  so michael, what do you think
michael:  why me
jim:  you have to make the decision
michael:  wow, okay. well… i swallowed all your ideas, im going to digest them and see what comes out the other end.
andy:  dwight, im a little concerned about some of these directions to schrute farms
dwight:  yeah, do tell
andy:  i mean, like, “156 paces from the light red mailbox, make a left.
dwight:  mmhmm
andy:  “walk until you hear the beehive.
dwight:  how could it be more clear
angela:  i think andy makes an excellent point
dwight:  okay
angela:  but my biggest concern is that theres only one bathroom
dwight:  well dig a trench. as long as its downhill from the well, we should be fine
angela:  nana mimi cannot squat over some trench
dwight:  well were not gonna put out stumps, come on
andy:  lets three-way this little issue, and come to a solution by the time we get to schrute farms, hows that for a plan?
andy:  were getting married at schrute farms, no matter what. i have looked at twelve venues, i have lost eight deposits, and i have seen angela naked zero times. i am not losing another deposit.
pam:  hey
jim:  hey
pam:  so um, ive been thinking about this whole chair/copier thing
jim:  mmhmm
pam:  i really think you should reconsider
jim:  oh, pam, i really… hate that copier
pam:  yeah, i know
jim:  yeah
pam:  but i really think you should reconsider
jim:  beesly, are you threatening me
pam:  jim. jim, jim, jim. im not threatening you. i love you.  but you should know, youre on very dangerous ground .  all right
jim:  okay.
jim:   whew.
dwight:  this is where youll have your receiving line. of course well clear out all the livestock and hay and such
andy:  hmm… mm, whats that smell
dwight:  youre gonna need to be more specific
angela:  manure. get rid of it
dwight:  manure covers up the small of the slaughterhouse
angela:  do you have to slaughter on our wedding day
dwight:  you wanna eat, dont you
angela:  honey, say something
andy:  uh, dwight, if we pay extra, could you slaughter the entrees the day before
dwight:  …ill consider it
andy:  see? thats how you do it! makin progress here.  …darn! heh
dwight:  theres a hose out back
andy:  okay.
pam:  remember, you were gonna get a new chair, and you were gonna give your old chair to me. remember that
michael:  yes
pam:  well that never happened
oscar:  michael
michael:  i dont know. i havent decided yet
oscar:  im just gonna grab some lunch. you wanna come with
michael:  really? absolutely! yeah, that would be amazing
jim:  woah, you guys going to lunch
michael:  yes
jim:  mind if i join
michael:  ohh, god
jim:  all right
michael:  yeah
jim:  lets go
michael:  best lunch ever! woo-hoo-hoo-hoo
jim:  lets do it
michael:  all right! cool
jim:  where we going
michael:  i have no idea.
pam:  so, i guess thats how theyre gonna play this. it is on.  it is so on.
pam:  look, i really need this new chair. i mean, seriously, how is it possible that in five years ive had two engagement rings, and only one chair?
oscar:   stop it! michael
jim:  michael, that is hilarious
michael:   oh, is somebody making fun of me
oscar:  the best. great friends. thank you, michael.
jim:  ahh… i got you some tiramisu. no hard feelings
pam:  aww
jim:  yeah
pam:  thats cool.  mm, good stuff.
jim:  you look really pretty
pam:  thank you.
michael:  yeah
pam:  michael
michael:  yeah
pam:  hey
michael:  oh, hey
pam:  you got a second
michael:  i do
pam:  oh, good.
pam:  oh, that mustve been so fun
michael:  it was fun. we had a good time
pam:  hey, have i told you you look really nice today
michael:  oh, thank you
pam:  yeah, is that a new tie
michael:  um, no, not… no. no, i got it at tj maxx, four dollars
pam:  that is amazing
michael:  you think thats good? check out these pants. nine dollars
pam:  what
michael:  nine dollars. the boys department
pam:  no
michael:  look at the ass. check out the ass
pam:   no way
michael:  look at that.  unh. unh-unh
pam:  yeah! oh, so i guess oscar and jim were talking your ear off about the new copier
michael:  yes they were
pam:  yeah
michael:  they were
pam:  heres what i was thinking: everyone sits on a chair every day
michael:  mmhmm
pam:  but not everyone
michael:  sits on a copier
pam:  or even uses the copier every day
michael:  yeah
pam:  yeah, right
michael:  very valid
pam:  …thats it.
michael:  all right
pam:  all right, see you later
michael:  see ya
pam:  hot tie guy
michael:   hahaha!… well…
dwight:  have you made a decision on the butter sculpture
angela:  no. i havent thought of it
dwight:  okay. cow, goat or sheep. its not that hard
angela:  i would like cat
dwight:  cats dont make butter
angela:  i would like cow butter sculpture of a cat
dwight:  it doesnt make any sense
angela:  yes it does
andy:  okay, guys
angela:  i want a butter sculpture of a cat
dwight:  cow, goat or sheep
andy:  what is this? all right, were all on the same team. is it-  damn! why is that in the kitchen?!
jim:   you might want to consider changing teams, because we would-we would love to have you
pam:  no, copiers great
jim:  yeah
pam:  yeah. i have my copies.
jim:  there they are
pam:  and i have my original.
jim:  you got it
pam:  so suck it
jim:  okay.
michael:  okay
kevin:  michael, i got you a hot chocolate. i hope thats okay
michael:  oh, thank you my dear
kelly:  wait, michael! let me open the door for you
michael:  oh, well, chivalry is not dead after all. okay
stanley:  there he is
michael:  there he is! hello, hello
phyllis:  hello
michael:  hello! good to see you! good to see you
jim:  oh
michael:  mm!  yeah
pam:  theres that ass
michael:  hey hey! yeah! unh
pam:  woo! yeah. aw, dont take it away
michael:  oh… ah, i almost choked.
dwight:  heres another place
angela:  its beautiful
andy:  hey-o
dwight:  so… why dont we try this out, well see what would happen. give it a little test drive, what do you say? you pretend to be angelas father, you will play angela, and uh, i will pretend to be you. that way you can see what it looks like when youre up here
andy: 
angela:   hello, im angela martin, and
andy:  im andy
angela:  i work with dwight
dwight:  he doesnt understand a word youre saying
andy:  what
dwight:  although born just minutes from here, he speaks only german. closed society. so, now, after the readings by all of your sisters, we will arrive at the vows. so, konrad…  and away we go. this is a little taste of the ceremony, if you will. hes explaining why were here, what were doing here, making introductions, blah blah blah… then hes gonna have andy repeat a bunch of stuff. hes gonna ask andy to produce a ring. i have uh, now just uh… just some twine for our purposes, and you will put the ring on her finger. yadda yadda, then hes going to ask andy, uh, if he would like to marry angela. and you will reply, “i do.”  and then hes going to ask angela if she would like to marry andy, to which you will reply
angela:  i do
dwight:  and there we go. okay, and thats just about it. man and wife.
hank:  got a call about a problem up here
pam:  did somebody call hank
michael:  hank, thank god youre here. the office is at a crossroads
hank:  so, theres no security problem? you know, i hustled up the stairs
michael:  yes. i need your sage advice. and everyone, whatever hank decides, that is the decision. that will resolve this issue.  yeah, take as many as you want
hank:  thank you. thank you. you know, its nice and warm up here
michael:  yes
hank:  so what are we talking about
michael:  okay. well, we have a surplus. imagine that your parents give you money for a lemonade stand
hank:  i know what a surplus is
michael:  oh, okay. good. good. well, heres the thing. some people want to use the surplus to buy a new copier. other people are complaining about the chairs
hank:  is that the copier
michael:  it is, yes
hank:   hmm
michael:  what
hank:  i was just thinking. let me see a chair
michael:  okay
pam:  you can try mine
michael:  oh, there we go
hank:  hmm, not much lumbar support
michael:  now everyone, bear in mind once again that whatever hank says goes. he is an impartial third party
hank:  on the one hand, this copier is very old. you should see some of the new copiers they have. you would not believe what they do
michael:  so, the copier
hank:  well, let me finish
michael:  all right, yes
hank:  now the chairs. the chairs are very weak. very weak chairs. i could not sit all day in this chair
michael:  well, what should i do
hank:  …let me see the copier again
michael:  all right, get out. get out.
angela:  dwight, i thought i knew what i wanted. and then, being here with you and the german mennonite minister… it just all felt right. i made a mistake picking andy
dwight:  i know you did. and thats why i have taken care of everything
angela:  what do you mean
dwight:  well monkey, hes a real minister. and you said, “i do.” and i said, “i do.” and andy wasnt signing a receipt; he was signing our marriage certificate as a witness
angela:  dwight! that doesnt count
dwight:  yes, of course it does
angela:  no, it doesnt
dwight:  it does in the state of pennsylvania
angela:  i didnt
dwight:  haha, mrs. schrute
angela:  we are not married
dwight:  wha
angela:  take this thing.
dwight:  my… its not my fault you dont understand german; ive been telling you to take it for years
andy:  are we, uh… are we leaving or what?  ow!
david:   michael
michael:  hey david-  im sorry. im sorry. im eating tiramisu. some of the chocolate powder just went down my throat. im stopping now
david:  is this why youre calling me
michael:  no, no, no, no, no. no. im calling-  im sorry
david:  okay
michael:  mm. im calling because, um, we have a stupid budget surplus, and people-everybody wants something different
david:  you want me to weigh in on a minor budget issue
michael:  no, no, no. i want you to make the decision so im not the bad guy
david:  well if i were you, i would just return the surplus and take the bonus
michael:  the what now
david:  branch managers who come in under budget get 15% of the savings
michael:  …like a tip?  $645?!
michael:  i hate disappointing just one person. and i really hate disappointing everyone. but i love burlington coat factory. you go in there with $645, you are literally a king.
jim:   we have that going out tuesday… okay? sure, no, i can… ill double-check that for you
michael:  all right, attention everyone
jim:  let me call you right back. okay
michael:  i have made my decision. we do not need a new copier. we do not need new chairs. this copier… is…  working perfectly
oscar:  thats the original
michael:  pam, would you stand up for a sec?  hmm. see how relaxed i am? i like this chair.  offers good support, it is urkelnomically correct… its a good chair. i think were spoiled because we dont appreciate the things that we have. you think kids in africa have chairs? no. they sit in big piles of garbage. you think they have copiers? they dont have copiers. they dont even-  gah! they dont even have paper. and we are spoiled because we throw out perfectly good tiramisu because it has a little tiny hair on it. my point i this: i have seen the light in terms of what we need, and it is nothing
oscar:  do you know
michael:  do i know what
oscar:  i think you know
michael:  mm, no
phyllis:  know what
pam:  yeah, know what
oscar:  does anyone happen to know what 15% of 4300 is
michael:  $645
kevin:  michaels a genius
michael:  right
oscar:  whyd you say dollars
michael:  because that is how my mind works
oscar:  whats 15% of 200?  thank you. everyone, michael is returning the surplus so he can keep 15% as a bonus
jim:  wait, what
pam:  you can do that
kevin:  hey michael, whats 394 times 5,912
michael:  lets see
pam:  youre gonna give yourself a bonus of $645 instead of getting the entire office something it really needs
michael:  i dont need $645; i already have $645, more or less
oscar:  youre gonna get us a copier then
michael:  this is so stupid
pam:  or chairs
michael:  this is so, so stupid. and, god…  thats my phone
stanley:  i didnt hear a phone
michael:  to be continued!
michael:  no, i dont-this doesnt change anything. i have a very important decision to make. we need a new copier. we need new chairs. and i need to figure out a way to keep this money without having everybody hate me.
andy:  hey tuna, check it out. tuna sandwich. just like you.  what
angela:   now, i have to take care of a legal issue.
andy:  was that hot or what?
pam:  so whats it gonna be
oscar:  michael, you have to make a decision. the day is almost done
pam:  let me just say, youve been promising me this chair since the day you hired me
oscar:  you are a smart guy. i know youll do the right thing
michael:   you think its easy
stanley:  its your job
michael:  okay, you know what? why dont you guys deal with it? i am going to get up, and i am going to be out in the common area. but you need to decide; otherwise im taking the bonus. all right?
michael:  it is a classic management tactic. you have two sides, a deadline, you know that neither of them are gonna concede. what you do is you put em in a room, and you just-  hey
pam:  hey
oscar:  hey, were going with the chairs
michael:  what
oscar:  i just figured id rather have new chairs than nothing at all
pam:  thanks michael
michael:  good work. im proud of you.  mother-
michael:   what did we learn this week? well, one, thanks to me, my team is much, much faster at coming to decisions than i thought they would be. number two, never buy a fur coat with a credit card until you absolutely have the money to pay for it. and three,  you should know that some people think its cool to throw buckets of fake blood on you as you are walking out of burlington coat factory.
jim:  truce
pam:  yeah, i guess, since i won
jim:  yeah, you did win. you did win. anyway, im going to need three copies of each of these, stapled and collated.  totally kidding.  im gonna need four. 
