michael:  hey jim, jim. come here.  do you know who that is
jim:  no
michael:  look at him. look at him – t-shirt, jeans
jim:  is he you
michael:   i am flattered. thats johnny depp
jim:  where did you take that
michael:  in my condo complex
jim:  oh my god, thats right. i read in people magazine that he was looking for a two-bedroom condo in scranton.
michael:  i am flipping out, man. i mean, you remember my idea for the fourth pirates movie
jim:  sure. that they should do one
michael:   hey, jim, jim – where, where do i find the black pearl?
jim:  whos that
michael:  captain jack sparrow. captain jack sparrow, jim.
jim:  john dillinger
michael:  no. im captain jack sparrow
jim:  captain crunch.
michael:  okay, okay. screw you, halpert. you know, its not easy getting excited about stuff. remember how you felt when you thought youd seen roger clemens
jim:  at the yankees game. yeah
michael:  yeah. well, it wasnt him
jim:  i had a little better reason to believe that… youre right. youre right. well, youre not right, because johnny depp
michael:  i know, i know
jim:  …in your condo complex
michael:  i know! it also explains why the name on his mailbox was m shulman
jim:  m. night shulman?
michael:   first up, the lost and found has gone missing. it itself is lost, so please, try not to lose anything until we find it. ah, pet day. if you dont have a pet, please dont feel like –
stanley:  when are we getting to sales topics
dwight:  yeah, what about those leads? did you hear anything from corporate
michael:  ah, yes, the leads. the leads that sabre has spent $50,000 to get from a market research company… are not here yet. but will be..  no, no, meetings not over
phyllis:  but is there anything relevant to the sales staff here
michael:  no sales topic per se
andy:  well then no andy bernard per se.
michael:  dwight
dwight:  sorry, michael, i got calls to make
michael:  i would like your undivided attention, please
dwight: you couldnt handle my undivided attention.
michael:  over the last few weeks, things have been changing here. sabre says it is our duty to support the sales team and the salesmen are letting it go to their heads. i think its kind of screwed up, because the way this place used to work was: make friends first, make sales second, make love third, in no particular order.
dwight:  listen, michael – about what happened earlier.
michael:  yeah
dwight:  when i was asking about the leads
michael:  m-hmm
dwight:  … is there any news on the leads
michael:  is that all you have to say to me
dwight:  yeah. you got any news on the leads? … okay, ill tell you what. im going out on a very important sales call. you get any news about the leads, you try me. all of my numbers. all six of my numbers, okay? including the car phone!  alright, dwight out!
dwight:  salesman is king. as the best salesman, i am king of kings. oh, you say jesus is king of kings? well. what does that say to you about how i think of myself?
angela:  hm-hm. do you not answer e-mails anymore? because ive e-mailed you four times asking you to come to my desk
phyllis:  honey, if i dont have time to answer an e-mail, i definitely dont have time to walk over to your desk.
michael:  wow, wowie wowie. congratulations. its a big cheque.
jim:  oh, sorry, wait one second
michael:  stop sexting pam. im trying to congratulate you
jim:  this is actually a big potential sale, so
michael:  you writing your memoirs over there
jim:  you writing your name over there
michael:  well, its a pretty big check
jim:  thats good. you know, with the kid
michael:  okay. dont gloat. heres the thing. this kind of money can corrupt people.
jim:  alright, here we go.  michael
michael:  im just saying, that –
jim:  michael –  great.
andy:   very nice. let me just, let me just write that down real quick.  pencil? can you give me that pencil? hang on teddy…  im making a sale. sales
darryl:  theres other pencils in this office
andy:  give me that 
michael:  honey and jelly sandwich time.
darryl:  michael
michael:  oh, you got to be kidding me.  look at that. thats –
darryl:  i know who did that
michael:  you saw who did this and you didnt stop them
darryl:  didnt have to see. it was sales. i can feel it. they are out of control.
michael:  the sales department smashed my sandwich.
darryl:  yes. all of em. together. its a conspiracy. listen to me, mike, you gotta do something about them.
michael:  you dont get it
darryl:  you need to get back on top.
michael:  thats what she said
darryl:  yeah
michael:  yeah.
erin:  something came for you, michael.
michael:  thank you very much
jim:  whatd you get
michael:  ah, just the stupid leads
jim:  alright
stanley:  about time.
andy:  me likey
phyllis:  finally, michael. hand em over, numbnuts.  but seriously. its your job to give us those leads.
michael:  alright. then i guess i should give them out. hold on. you know what im thinking? im thinking that i have something that you want. you guys are acting like you own this place. and you dont. not even sabre owns this place. its a rental. im kind of sick of the attitude around here. im sick of the cocky walk, i am sick of you throwing your paycheck in my face, i am sick of your uppity attitude, jim… i think i am not going to give these to you.
stanley:  we need those leads, michael. its our job michael. michael!
gabe:   michael, we spent a lot of money on those leads. you have to give them out
michael:  then we are just rewarding their bad behaviour. okay. just – imagine that instead of going to jail for murdering someone, you got an ice-cream cone. if that were the case, then in the summertime, everyone would go around killing people for the pleasure of an ice-cream cone
gabe:  michael, i dont want to incentivise murder. but – weve tried to make it clear that our policy emphasises sales staff –
michael:  they act like i have no power
gabe:  but you do. you are in charge –
miichael:  thank you
gabe: – of supporting the sales staff. you are required to hand out those leads, michael.
michael:  hmm. well, if that is what i am required to do, i will do exactly that.
gabe:  okay, good
michael:  exactly that.
gabe:  good
michael:  exactly that.
gabe:  why do you keep repeating – 
michael:  hello. may i have everyones attention, please? gabe has instructed me to hand out the leads, so im going to give the leads to… king creed!
phyllis:  what are you –
michael:  – and to king meredith!
stanley:  they arent salespeople
michael:  and to king angela!  because today we are all kings. and queens .
phyllis:  what the hell do you think youre doing
michael:  im giving them the leads, phyllis.
jim:  hey
michael:  hey
jim:  so im going to go ahead and save you some time, and tell you that no-ones going to go along with this. but you knew that, right
michael:  mm-hmm
jim:  alright. so why dont you just give me my share of the leads, and ill start making some calls
michael:  okay.
jim:  hey, alright
michael:  alright
jim:  ahh, these arent leads. what are they?
michael:  oh, right, those are clues. and within each clue is a lesson. you learn a lesson, and then you find a lead. the leads are scattered all over the industrial park. i am trying to make your kids respect you. because a father needs to respect his boss, and kids dont respect the father who doesnt respect the boss. do you understand that line of logic
jim:  i dont think you understand –
michael:  i do understand it.
jim:   this ones a map
michael:  or is it?
angela:  oh, how the tables have turned. i see you got my e-mail
phyllis:  are you gonna give me the leads or not
angela:  ill give you the leads. but you know what? its going to cost you some clerical work 
phyllis:  what are these for
angela:  it doesnt matter. fill them out. all of them. then when youre done, you can watch me shred them.
kelly:  i want to watch the kardashians! i dont want to watch boring –
ryan:  its my 
stanley:  the kardashians is a good show
ryan:  no its – how would he even know the kardashians
kelly: its about a family. a real-life family
ryan:  no, stanley, do you –
pam:   hey baby, whats up
jim:  i am currently reading incoherent riddles on blue index cards to find vital information that michael has hidden all over the office. how are you
pam:  nothing but vomit and diapers over here
jim:  oh my god, i couldnt envy you more.
jim:  having a baby is as exhausting as they say it is. having two babies  – thats just unfair.
jim:  how about this one – ‘when arrogant salesmen are mean to my face, a certain manager will go to his moppy place
pam:  he means his mopey place, its under that streetlamp that he thinks was in casablanca.
jim:  i love you.
michael:  today i turned an office crisis into a teachable moment.  a lesser manager would have screwed this day up royally  some yokel sitting behind his desk saying take a lead, learn nothing  some people shouldnt be in this business.
andy:  hey. i guess you probably wont give me your leads since im a jerk salesman.
erin:  yeah. i basically wish you were dead.  i hid the leads
andy:  where?
erin:   colder. colder. warmer. warmer. colder. colder. warmer. warmer. warmer. hot.  hotter. pretty hot. lower.
andy:  are you
erin:  lower
andy:  are you sure
erin:  lower 
dwight:  what are you doing, idiot?
jim:  michaels stupid scavenger hunt
dwight:  scavenger hunt? here. i can solve it. give it.  ‘the treasure you seek is in the parking lot under the first president
jim:   lincoln
dwight:  the prankster is getting pranked. ha ha
jim:   it involves you too.
dwight:  the leads are in?
dwight:  michael? michael, you were supposed to tell me when the leads came in.
michael:  well, bigshot, ‘if you want to find your leads, go to the man who never breathes.
dwight:  kevin! damnit  kevin, give me those leads. where are they? cmon –
kevin:  you are never going to find them
dwight:  really
kevin:  im going to enjoy this.
dwight:   gimme the leads. where are my leads?
kevin:   im still enjoyingit.
dwight:  where are they
kevin:  turn the trash. turn the trash
dwight:  turn the trash  its code. alright, meredith, take off your dress.
meredith:   okey-dokey
kevin:  no, dear god, no, its in the trash can. in the kitchen.
meredith:  its coming off anyway
dwight:   clean sack
kevin:  what 
erin:  i emptied it in the dumpster. with tobys baba ganoush.
toby:  if we dont patronise the only syrian restaurant in town, therell be nothing left but pan pizzas and make-your-own salads.
dwight:   its empty
michael:  wait. what day is today
kevin:  um, tonight is ghost whisperer. so, friday.
michael:  oh my god. oh my god  oh my god, no, no no, hey, hey  wait, wait!
michael:  okay. you know what, lets just go to the dump, start looking – ryan, cmon, shotgun in my car –
phyllis:  michael, why would we all go to the dump
michael:  why? because i am not going to call sabre and say, ‘hi, you know those very valuable expensive leads that you gave us earlier today? well, because of a screw-up by a staff member, theyre now in the city dump.
stanley:  not your staff, michael. you
michael:  well, thats not the way its going t sound. heres what were going to do. well go to the dump, well look around, then well all go out and get pizza, maybe catch a movie, late-night drink, some more pizza, call it a night. what do you –
toby:  does it have to be pizza? could go for a, falafel
michael:  really
angela:  im not going. you did this, not us
michael:  okay, no, you encouraged it. you were complicit  complicit. you were all successories
darryl:  that sounds fun, mucking around in the dump. wish i could go
michael:  you can
darryl:  i cant. you know that.
michael:  okay fine, i get it. ill just go by myself
dwight:  ill go, michael. youll just screw it up.
dwight:   this place has gone to hell.
michael:  you know, dwight, there was a time when youd be pinching yourself to have the opportunity to look through a dump with me
dwight: yeah, well, the acorn becomes the oak
michael:  yeah. sometimes the acorn just stays the acorn. if you dont believe me, look in my gutters.
kelly:   youre adorable. you need to go for it.  im going to be, like, mad at you if you dont –
jim:  phew! cant wait for this day to be over
kelly:  why
jim:  just all the – drama
kelly:  what drama?
jim:  between the – us and you guys. its unnecessary, right
kelly:  so unnecessary
jim:  oh, good, phew,thank god you said that
kelly:  i mean, if the salesmen werent acting like such a bunch of stuck-up losers, then this day wouldnt be so bad – did you ever think of that
jim:  i have new baby pictures
kelly:  dont use your cute baby to make us like you
jim:  shes wearing a onesie 
stanley:  if we act nice now, then were rewarding them for treating us poorly
jim:  didnt we kind of start it
phyllis:  i think youre remembering that wrong
andy:  yeah.
phyllis:  i dont know about this. i mean, i think we should hold our ground. the companys changed, and if they dont like it, they can leave. i mean, a lot of their work can be done from india.
jim:  can we at least all agree that this is uncomfortable, and may be heading for something bad
andy:  all those who agree, say aye  all those opposed –
jim: i dont think we need opposed.
michael:   youve changed, man
dwight:  oh, why, because i have a shot at a $100k commission?
michael:  since when do you care about money? when i first met you, you were a wide-eyed innocent
dwight:  hey. there is nothing i can do about my wide-set eyes
michael:  no, im talking about your personality, dwight
dwight:  when i first met you, i had a lot of job offers. and i had an offer from ivan schartsky. the ivan schartsky. and if id assistant managed him –
michael:  assistant to the managed him –
dwight:  oh, thats low! i would be number two right now at home depot
michael:  yeah
dwight:  okay? because they promote from within. instead i had to follow you – you, going nowhere
michael:  you think you would have done better without me? really
dwight:  i hitched my wagon to a horse with no legs.
michael:  wow. ohhhkay. man. when i think about all the time i wasted being your friend – i shouldnt have been hanging out watching karate movies with you –
dwight:  kung-fu movies
michael:  you know what, i should have been doing? i should have been out at bars, finding my soul-mate, finding my wife, making babies –
dwight:  nice babies youre making with the floozies at the bars
michael: thats my wife youre talking about, man
dwight:  your made-up wife? who doesnt exist?  you watch it
michael:  if i wanted to hit you, i would have hit you.
dwight:  dont do it
michael:  no no. you just made an enemy with the wrong guy, dwight.  no, time out, time out.  time in
dwight:  no!
michael:  dont even think about that
dwight:   stop it, get out! thats my spool.
phyllis:  whats the least we can do to make this okay
jim:  ill text pam. shes really good at this stuff
andy:  and ill text erin. shes really good at this stuff too
phyllis:  i guess we could give them some of our new commissions
stanley:  that is a dangerous precedent
jim:  pam texted back saying we could give them all ipods
phyllis:  oh, if they dont have an ipod by now they really dont want one
jim:  alright. then were back to cash. and i got to say, if giving a small percentage of our commissions is going to smooth all this over, im for it
phyllis:  okay, fine. cash it is
andy:  erin just texted me back. ‘people love shells from far-away beaches”.
michael:  okay, dwight. here we go  oh god
dwight:  oh
michael:  were never going to find those leads, are we?
dwight:   wow. amazing, isnt it. no other animal on earth could do this. maybe beavers. but not like this.
phyllis:  so how about, guys, one percent commission a month instead of two, what do you –
jim:  no, we agreed, two percent for the quarter. okay  hey everybody
meredith:   nice spread. we get it. you eat like royalty
jim:  no, no – this is a representation of how we feel. and how we feel is: really sorry
andy:  yeah. we wanted to bring you in and make a peace offering
phyllis:  yeah, we wanted to do the right thing. so
oscar:  way to go, guys. this was an integrity move
kevin:  yeah. when we walked in here, we were all prepared to tell you to go to hell.
angela:  do you have any pastries without fruit
jim:  yes! we do.  eclairs
stanley:   well, you better be happy, taking two percent of our –
jim:  – two percent milk! what i forgot for the coffee.
phyllis:  our treats, stanley, theyve accepted our simple offer of treats. nothing more.
stanley:   this is – nice!  all of us back together.
michael:  this  why would somebody throw that out
dwight:  hey  you know whod like this? phyllis. purple, much
michael:  yeah, she does – she loves purple.  does it stink
dwight:  yeah
michael:  know what would be a great picture here? just this whole dump, and in the middle, one flower. thats it. and the caption would read:
dwight:  hope – grows
michael:  in the dump.
dwight:   woo hoo
stanley:  good news that you found our leads
michael:  no! better
dwight:  we have an awesome bean bag chair thats perfect for the break room.
phyllis:  yuck. im not going to sit on that disgusting seat
dwight:  yeah, damn right youre not. ‘cause its for me and michael only 
andy:   its freezing out here
erin:   go on. i have warm blood.
andy:  oh wow, thank you. youre the nicest person ive ever met. 
