michael:  oh, yeah.  i got a big box, yes i do. i got a big box how bout you?
erin:   i got a big box, yes i do. i got a big box how bout you?
oscar:  i think you dont know what youre saying
michael:  its from “sob-ray”, our new owner, and it is to sabre, us. i wonder whats inside. scissor me. 
michael: dunder mifflin was recently bought by an electronics company named sabre. they stepped in at the 11th hour, and they saved our asses.although david wallace said that we were the one branch that was actually working right, so we probably could have saved our own asses. we didnt need them touching our asses.
michael:  oh!  wow. awesome.  for accounting, a brand new printer. and for the sales staff, a new fax machine. this cord has creed written all over it. and whoever would like a brand new scanner can come visit it in my office. thank you.
dwight:  here we go.  oh! wow.
michael:  cool. what next?
erin:  guys, um, whos gabe? this note says to put the box aside for gabe lewis, whos coming tomorrow?
michael:  okay, everybody, listen up. i have some bad news. due to circumstances beyond my control –
dwight:  impulsivity and inattention to detail
michael:  hey, hey. i have opened a box, which should not have been opened
dwight:  terrible mistake
michael:  and distributed things which should not have been distributed
dwight:  undistributable
pam:  well, maybe we can put the box back together
dwight:  impossible. he opened it like an ape
oscar:  i think we can do it.
pam:   yep, yep
oscar:  right? mm. did we try printer first? shredder at an angle –
pam:  yep
oscar:  fax, cable, then the scanner upside down
pam:  yes.
creed:  have you tried making everything smaller?
michael:  and –  wow. really nice job. this group of people, when they put their minds together, they can do something great. and i think that you should all be proud of yourselves.
pam:  oh, michael
michael:  alright, relax. we can do it. we just did it. so we can do this again. erin, scissor me please.
pam:  no, dont
michael:   thank you. oh! got it. ok
michael:  alright, hes on his way up. okay. are we ready
pam:  what do you want us to do
michael:  why do i have to explain everything
pam:  because were usually not on the same page
michael:  okay.
gabe:  oh. okay. and to you. 
michael:  gabe seems tall. hope we get along. had a very good thing going with david wallace. he was a good guy. he was somebody i could trust. here he is.  you can really see that he is ok taking a picture with me. even though i was there for disciplinary reasons.
dwight:  welcome. scranton hot dog from scranton
michael:  you know what, dwight? lets give him a minute to settle in, shall we? ok
gabe:  um, hi, uh, my name is gabe lewis. i am coordinating director for merging regions
michael:  hello, gabe. i am michael scott, co-manager. this is my protege, jim halpert.
jim:  co-manager, actually
michael:  in training.
jim:  trained. loving it. good at it. so
gabe:  we are very impressed with this branch and we are so excited about this merger.
michael:  were very excited too, arent we guys? right
dwight:  so excited.
michael:  we have a little song prepared for you
gabe:  um, actually, if you dont mind, i would love to put this on the sabre website.
michael:  sabre. say-ber. sabre
dwight:  oh. of course
michael:  yes, say-ber. good. take it away guys
andy:  ok. 
andy &amp; erin:   hopped off the train in scranton, pa, another cloudy gray afternoon. jumped in the cab, here you are for the first time, look to the right see the “electric city” sign. this is gonna be good day, for dunder mifflin and sob-ray. sab –
michael:  saber
andy:  saber.  dunder mifflin and saber. so yeah, yeah, yay, yay
andy &amp; erin:  dunder mifflin is a part of sob-ray. so yeah, yeah, yay, yay. dunder mifflin is a part of sabre.
andy:  you sure its saber?
pam:  hey.
jim:  thank you. hey, we should be fine if we leave around 11:20
pam:  oh, you mapquested it. its four blocks away.
jim:  well, now we wont get lost. or we could drive. and that takes one minute.
pam:  we found a great local daycare. its rated really high by all the local parenting websites. but that means its also really hard to get into
jim:  turns out, a lot of parents want the very best for their children. thats weird
pam:  were hoping our interview seals the deal
jim:  but if not, theres always the army. the infantry
pam:  okay. okay. yeah.
jo bennett:  youll find it easy to embrace the sabre spirit. welcome. were very excited to go on this journey with you.
jim:   so youve been shown a nonsensical video. youre probably wondering, “whats going on?” well, youre not alone.
michael:  wow. really terrific.
gabe:  most of our business comes from selling printers. so dont think of yourselves as paper salesmen anymore, but as printer salesmen who also sell paper.
michael:  perfect.
michael:  no. dont like that.
gabe:  at sabre, we really encourage honest communication. you should always feel free to express your thoughts, your –
meredith:  talk about vacation days
gabe:  we have a policy here at sabre where we are, uh, allowed to take two weeks
oscar:  but i banked six weeks
angela:  i already booked a great lakes cruise.
meredith:  hey, who the hells going through our stuff
gabe:  actually, thats nick. hes your new it guy. uh, hes setting up a site blocker. mostly blocking the inappropriate sites.and then there are the time-wasting sites like twitter, youtube. we are blocking those as well.
michael:  mm, nope. dont like that.
gabe:  ok, did everyone get one? with these bottles, we eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, which are the scourge of the environment.
michael:  well still get to use the little cups, though, right
gabe:  little cups? like paper or plastic or… 
michael:  i dont know what theyre made of
dwight: theyre 2 ounce paper cups dipped in plastic. he goes through 20 a day.
gabe:  ok, well, i bet you can fit 20 little cups of water in your aluminum bottle
michael:  you know what cant fit in a bottle, are the 20 little trips i take to the cooler, and the 20 little scans i do of everybody to make sure everythings running smoothly. and the 20 little conversations that i have with stanley
stanley:  thats ok.
michael:  there is a small part of me that is actually very excited about this new company. but 70 percent of me is water, and the other part, the real part, the part that has feelings and emotions and thoughts and makes decisions and, if i can be crass, makes babies, that part thinks that all of these changes suck ba –
michael:   really? you dont have enough water in there? your stomach
toby:  oop.
michael:  what
toby:  looks like we kicked it. 
michael:  i miss the old dunder mifflin. too much change is not a good thing. ask the climate.
michael:  i dont want to appear ungrateful for everything sabres doing for us
gabe:  oh, i dont get that sense at all from you, so
michael:  well, you should have a little. but its great that you dont, because i am trying to embrace all of these changes, but im – ill be honest, im having trouble wrapping my head around a couple of em
gabe:  which ones
michael:  all of them
gabe:  well, i wish that i could do something, but its kind of policy, you know? above my pay grade. you know
michael:  so maybe we should call. we should call someone. i could help. im good with bosses. call one of the higher-ups
gabe:  you know what? let me see what i can do.
jim:   ok, this is officially the cutest thing ive ever seen. cubbies. i totally forgot about cubbies
pam:  theres a finger-painting station and a curly slide. am i too old to go here
jim:  oh. adorable, right?  i walked in on someone in the bathroom
pam:  what
jim:  i just walked in on someone in the bathroom
pam:  who? the 
jim:  i dont know. i dont know
pam:  the guy were meeting with?
jim:  i dont know, i dont know.
andy:  i am telling you, there are no strawberries in here
erin:  well, i saw them in there.
andy:  well maybe they ran away, because the pizza was like,  “hey, get out of here, you stupid strawberries.”
erin:  i think when andy finally asks me out hes going to try to top what he did with the drum line. i cant wait to see what he comes up with.
andy:  the balls totally in erins court. after the whole drum line thing.
gabe:  first let me say that i told them everything you wanted me to say, in just the way you wanted me to say it, so
jo:  gabe, honey, i love this. i love the sound of your voice. but i really need some new information now.
gabe:  ok, um, i told the story of your uncle, and i have a feeling that you would have  really been proud of the way… okay, um
jo:  wait a minute, who is it? whos there? is there somebody in the room with you?  i want to see who it is. turn me around
gabe:  i dont – its just
jo:  turn me around. now.  hey, buddy. is it something i said
michael:  hello. no. my names michael scott. hello
jo:  oh, hello, mr. scott. pleased to meet you
michael:  nice to meet you. we are very excited about the merger with sabre. i think you have a great accent
jo:  aw, thank you. ive been working on it since i was a little girl. to, um, to what do i owe the pleasure of this videochat
michael:  well, i am little concerned with all of these changes, to be quite frank. i think we have done things a certain way here at dunder mifflin for quite some time, and 
jo:  pardon. pardon me, mr. scott, but the last time i saw a company as mismanaged as dunder mifflin, it was my grandsons snowball company, so youll excuse me if i prefer that you all adapt to the way that we do things.
michael:  ok. i feel very strongly that you cant just come in here and change everything that people have been doing forever. is christian slater back there? because… he knows. hed know what to do.
jo:  so listen, why dont you tell gabe if by the end of the day you cant handle the changes
michael:  i have already told him, but i will tell him again if you think that will help
jo:  i would take until the end of the day if i were you. 
jerry:  pam and jim? hey, im jerry.
pam:  hi jerry
jim:  jerry
jerry:  good to see you. come on in. my office is right back here. this is the play room
jim:  this is great. got to confess, we came a little early, so we got a quick look around, but, uh 
jerry:  oh, so you saw it already
jim:  no, no, no, no. yes. we saw this, yes. no, it wasnt like a look around. we really just had a peek. quick peek. didnt focus on anything in particular.
pam:  its lovely
jerry:   oh. got to take this. sorry
jim:  do it
jerry:  okay. hi, this is jerry
pam:  ok, youve got to pull it together
jim:  we should just go. hes really uncomfortable
pam:  hes uncomfortable because youre acting weird. so you have to stop acting weird
jim:  what if we just bring it up? we just put it out in the open
pam:  thats the weirdest possible solution to the problem
jerry:  sorry about that. right this way
jim:  all right.
michael:  i have come here today to talk to mr. david wallace about this whole thing going on with sabre.  he will know exactly what to do. he is not a big fan of me dropping by announced. but then again, who is?  hey. hi, sorry
david:  michael.
michael:  i hope youre not busy doing something
david:  no, you kidding? come on in. come on
michael:  you sure
david:  you look great
michael:  you look great too.
david:  you hungry? im just having lunch
michael:  oh, yeah, that sounds good
david:  fantastic. teddy, look who just stopped in
teddy wallace:  huh? hey.
michael:  hey. wow.
david:  keep it up, son
michael:  really loud.
michael:  wow. oh, yummy.  you have got the life, my friend.
david:  yeah
michael:  can i just stay here and never go back
david:  things not going so well there
michael:  oh, man. how much time do you have
david:  i have a doctors appointment next thursday
michael:  yeah
mrs. wallace:  hey, honey. hows your day going? did you do anything cool
david:  uh, no, sweetie. i just sort of hung out
mrs. wallace:  oh, cause i saw you had shoes on, so i didnt know if you did anything
david:  no. just hanging out, honey. you remember michael
michael:  hi. sorry, i was just in the neighborhood, thought id come by, see
mrs. wallace:  no problem at all. this is great. so what are you guys up to
michael:  i dont know.
david:  uh, but maybe, uh – actually, you know, i think maybe well go outside. may -maybe well go outside.  outside.
jim:  there was one thing we were curious about, uh, your flexibility on things like easter or memorial day, because we might want to change our days around a little bit.
jerry:  that seems a bit premature, dont you think? i dont even know if i have a space for you yet, and youre already lining up your holiday plans
jim:  oh, no, sorry. just, um, were kind of planners. but were also flexible too, so you know what? maybe we can just discuss it when the time comes.
jerry:  yeah, if the time comes, we can discuss it
pam:  is this because jim walked in on you going to the bathroom?
jim:  what
jerry:  seriously? you told her
jim:  did it? it might have come up while we were waiting for you.
jerry:  and you – you thought that might have something to do with how the meeting is going
jim:  no
pam:  maybe, because it doesnt seem to be going super well
jerry:  well, you didnt consider the fact that it might not be going super well just because it might not be going super well
pam:  nope. ‘cause were really nice people but you dont seem to like us.
jerry:  im being perfectly pleasant. did you ever consider that you might not be as charming as you think you are
jim:  oh, this coming from the guy who still uses a childrens toilet? why didnt you just lock the door, man
jerry:  it doesnt lock for the childrens safety.
jim:  anybody could have walked in.
jerry:  it was story time.
michael:  sabre is changing everything.  site blockers. they dont let us use cups. so i started thinking, who could handle this? who would know what to do? david wallace would know what to do. what should i do, david wallace
david:  i dont know. i mean, what can you do?
michael:  exactly. what are you thinking
david:  i, i – its a tough one.
michael:  it is a tough one.
david:  i dont have any ideas for you there.
michael:  yeah. but one would be good
david:  hey, oh, okay. wait.
michael:  okay
david:  i want to tell you about a business idea i have.
michael:  okay
david:  ok? you know how kids leave their toys everywhere? okay. so this is a vacuum. its like a shop-vac type of thing.  teaches kids how to pick up their own toys. right? baseball gloves, hacky sacks, drumsticks.  picks it up
michael:  so the kids making the noise to pick it up
david:  no. no, no, no. thats the -thats the vacuum noise
michael:  oh, okay
david:  you-you dont like it
michael:  no, i think it is
david:  no, its ok. another guy from dunder mifflin, arnie from research, hes gonna draw up the prototype. and, uh… its like shop-vac.  did i say that
michael:  yep
david:  itll be ok.
andy:  hey, any fun weekend plans
erin:  no, you
andy:  uh, no, actually. so nothing? no movies, or parties, or anything you might want to invite someone to
erin:  nothing. its wide open
andy:  okay.
andy:  thats as hard as i can hint.
david:  hey, you know, if you want, im sure i can get arnie on board if you wanted to join us for suck it. work together again.
michael:  the what
david:  suck it. thats what its called.
michael:  oh, okay.
david:  huh? catchy. kidsll love it
michael:  like it.
michael:  there are very few things that would make me not want to team up with david wallace. and suck it is one of em.
michael:  see you later.
david:  oh, michael.
michael:  bye now
david:  thank you for coming
michael:  thanks for having me.
michael:  well, thats not the david wallace that i remember.  that is some sort of weird creature that lives in david wallaces house. oh, my god. alright. just get me out of here.
michael:  hello.  is anybody home? oh, thank you, erin. now if everyone would please ready their canteens, so i can fill them with the sweet, sweet nectar of gabes homeland, and then propose a toast. here we go.
michael:  you know when people say getting fired was the best thing that ever happened to them? i feel sorry for those people. thats the best thing? really? ugh.
michael:  well, im not really one for making speeches
everyone:  yes. yes, you are. you make a lot
michael:  but i feel pretty good right now. i really do. a lot better than i did earlier. let me tell you.
angela:  thats your toast
michael:  no. this is my toast.i think this whole thing with sabre is going to work out. i have a very good feeling about it.
phyllis:  michael, this isnt a toast. youre just thinking out loud.
michael:  heres my toast. orange juice is in here. and, like saber, it is from florida, and it is good.
kevin:  just cause you have liquid that doesnt make it a toast.
michael:  heres the toast. im gonna do it now. raise your container to us and to sabre
all:  to us and to sabre.
michael:  mm. wow. that is metallicy. ugh. thats like drinking a battery. ah, really gets you in the fillings, doesnt it? okay, anyway, welcome.
david:   well, its a mess, what a mess. what you gonna do? youre going to take out your suck it and you suck it. suck it. yeah, take out your suck it and you suck it
teddy:  suck it
david:  yeah!
teddy:  suck it
david:  yeah!
teddy:  suck it
david:  yeah! take out the suck it and well
teddy:  suck it
david:  yeah!
teddy:  suck it
david:  yeah!
both:  take out my suck it and well suck it.
david:  yeah! teddy
teddy:  yeah. 
