michael:  hello hello. top of the morning to you!ooh ooh! green m&amp;ms! natures viagra!  two of my favorite joke areas combined. itll be a good day.
kelly:  i dont want to bring my friends, why cant it just be the two of us
ryan:  because its st. patricks day, people go out in groups
kelly:  well why dont you invite your friends
ryan:  why are you being so weird about this
meredith:  stop fighting. just on st patricks day, okay? just one perfect day a year. no hassles, no problems, no kids
ryan:  why no kids
kelly:  yeah, where are your kids
meredith:  nope. nuh -uh. not today!
michael:  it is st. patricks day, and here in scranton that is a huge deal. it is the closest that the irish will ever get to christmas.
erin:  welcome back, “dad!
jim:  oh, thank you
phyllis:  hey
stanley:  hey
andy:  welcome back tuna
jim:  hey…
dwight:  very good. okay. will get back to you right away on that, thanks
jim:  what do we got here
dwight:  mega-desk
jim:  of course
dwight:  command central.
jim:  hm hm
dwight:  surveillance, gaming- and business
jim:  okay.  just gotta
dwight:  okay. come on! jim!
dwight:  dweedle dee and dweedle dumb-ass have been away on maternity leave. now dweedle dumb-ass is back, and we have a problem. yes, getting hooked on mega-desk was my own damn fault. but … i dont care about assigning blame. all i care about is mega-desk. that is all i care about. getting. more. mega-desk.
jo:  oh, i love this, so much fun! theres such team spirit in this room! ‘morning darling
jim:  morning!
jo:  well, this is my last day at the scranton branch for a while. but im leaving it in the very capable hands of some of the loveliest people ive ever had the pleasure of knowing. oh im gonna miss this place. and the snow! hoo, my dogs love peeing in that snow! makes me think theyre onto something.
jo:  oh good morning sweetheart
michael:  morning, honey-pile
jo:  im sorry but is that a gift i see in your hands
michael:  it is. this is a little something for you to remember your time here in scranton by
jo:   is that a lump of coal?
michael:  yes it is
jo:  have i been that naughty
michael:  no, no no- that is a good gift actually. buildings here in scranton are literally powered by coal
jo:  err, thank you very much. we, we dont get to see much coal in tallahassee, im used to alligators, and some of the worst chinese food youve ever tasted
michael:  mm, that sounds great, actually
jo:  well, if you ever get down in my neck of the woods, you got a place to stay.
michael:  when you work for sabre, only one thing matters. and i dont care if youre a loser, or you practice bestiality, if jo likes you, you are in. and i am in!
andy:  erin go braugh
erin:  andy go braugh to you!nice kilt
andy:  thanks. its actually my sisters old field hockey skirt.
andy:  erin and i have our first date tonight, and it has to be perfect. why? because according to “how i met your mother” thats the date that your kids are going to wait patiently to hear about, and you better have a good story for them.
jim:  no.
dwight:  great
jim:  no
dwight:  thank you. 
jim:  no-no-no-no-no
dwight:  oh come on. come on. five more minutes? five more minutes of mega-desk? please?
jim:   is this yours or mine?
dwight:  they say that no man is an island. false! i am an island and this island is volcanic. and it is about to erupt. with the molten hot lava of strategy!
jim:  good lord!  i cant believe im missing this
pam:  its kind of like that lip thing she did last night, like a half snarl, half smile? i get the sense that shes very ironic
jim:  okay. love you. well talk soon.
dwight:  must be amazing being a father right, a miracle of life
jim:  it is. big time.
dwight:  ah, that baby is just discovering the whole wide world right now
jim:  pretty amazing.
dwight:  what up is, what down is, who mom is, who dad is. must be tough being here with all that going on
jim:  oh its tough being here for a lot of reasons
dwight:  i mean, youre here at work, and the baby thinks that the refrigerator is its father
jim:  is that what happened to you
dwight:  ill tell you what happened to me. i didnt see my father for the first two years of my life. i thought my mother was my father, and my wet-nurse was my mother
jim:  thats a common mistake
dwight:  turned out fine for me. but mose? oh. same story, different ending.
angela:  hey!  are you sick
erin:  oh, no im fine, i just have a little indigestion.
angela:  in your nose
erin:  yes.
erin:  im a little sick but i dont want to miss my date with andy. ill get better. whenever im sick it goes away within a few hours. except once, when i was in the hospital from age three to six.
jo:  now, after all the talking ive been doing. its your turn. this is a town hall meeting. i want to hear what you all sound like.
michael:  that is a great idea jb
jo:  thank you. you know i get way too many ideas from the top. now i want to hear your ideas. i mean, did you guys know that liquid paper? that wasnt invented by some fancy engineer. no, that was created by a lowly typist.
kevin:  jo, i have an idea, for suntan lotion – soap
jo:  you know it doesnt have to be an invention
oscar:  i have a question
michael:  oscar, homosexual accountant
oscar:  in the training manual it says, that there is a minority executive training program in tallahassee
jo:  i am so proud of sabres “print in all colors” initiative. any sabre employee of color, is welcome to apply. daryl
michael:  daryl. mellow, soulful, smart for warehouse
jo:  okay hush now
michael:  okay
daryl:  the sabre shipping method could be more efficient. combining inventory systems makes sense on paper, but printers and paper ship differently. itll be faster to deliver them separately, instead of waiting on everything to come in
jo:  but you wouldnt need more trucks
daryl:  not at all. theres a way that it can be scheduled. i sketched this out downstairs
jo:  oh look at you
michael:  look at that picture that you drew. nice job! were very proud of you. you know what, were gonna tape that up on the refrigerator in the kitchen
jo:   i like this daryl. i like this a lot. maybe you should be doing your sketching upstairs. would you like an office up here
daryl:  are you serious
jo:  yeah. take jims old office
gabe:  um. i set my stuff up in there. so…just give me a few minutes to clean that out for you
jo:  yeah, i want to hear more from you
daryl:  absolutely
jo:  all right
daryl:  thank you
jo: okay. any questions? anything on anybodys mind? im leaving tonight, this is your last chance for a while
michael:  oh no! say its not so, jo, were gonna miss you, were gonna miss you so much
jo:  yes, well okay. florida aint that far away
michael:  well, i am heading down there.
jo:  well, anytime now
michael:  how about july 4th weekend?
jo: oh honey you didnt buy a ticket
michael:  i did
jo:  oh honey. im not home, very often. and uh, me and my relatives, they take up the guesthouse. i think you should check with my office, before you book any dates, okay
michael:  you know what, in the spirit of full disclosure, i have actually reserved a bunch of different seats on a bunch of different flights, but there are a couple of flights that only have two tickets left, so i think we should pull the trigger and 
jo:  enough!
michael:  all right, everybody, just try to put a brave face on.
michael:  lets follow the chain of events. jo likes michael. jo invites michael to house. jo doesnt like michael anymore. hmmm.
daryl:   moving on up, to the east side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky…
michael:  hello. i want you to stop what youre doing right now. you are stressed, and im taking you to lunch
jo:  no, thats very generous of you, but im all set
michael:  no is not an option
jo:  yes it is
michael:  all right. well if you need me, ill be on the other side of that wall. knock once for yes, twice for no
jo:  how many knocks does it take to get you to do some work
michael:   ill be over there.
jim:  and im actually pleased to be able to offer you printer cartridges and toner now
dwight:   oh jim, jim! sorry to bother you
jim:  what
dwight: my headphones are broken.
jim: right
dwight:  can i listen to my music at a low volume
jim:  yeah thats great. great
dwight:  okay?  “the cats in the cradle and the silver spoon, little boy blue-
jim:   whens the last time you upgraded your printer
d:  “- and the man in the moon. when you coming home dad? i dont know when-
jim:   please stop that
dwight:  “-but well be together then-
jim:  can you grow up?
dwight:  “-dad, you know well have a good time then.
jim:   whether its this time or next time
andy:   “the cats in the cradle and the silver spoon
jim:   yeah
andy and dwight:   “little boy blue and the man in the moon.
jim:  no, we definitely can talk about it in the next
andy and dwight:  “when you coming home dad?
jim:  you know, can i call you back
andy and dwight:  “i dont know when-
jim:  that would be great, thank you
andy and dwight:  “but well get together then, were gonna have a good time-”
jim:   no, i know i need to work, i just- i feel weird not being home.
jim:  i am not surprised that dwights using my baby to steal my desk. im a little surprised that its working.
erin:  this fax came for you.
jo:  oh no no no!are you feeling ill
erin:  uh
jo:  oh no honey, if you got a bug, i want you to go on home. i cant have you getting callie and jo jr. sick. these dogs have got to be in a commercial with dwight howard next week
erin:  oh! no. i feel like i could lift a car
jo:  yeah, but you sound like death, girl. now why dont you go on home and take care of yourself and get in bed. and shred that and have them send me a clean fax, okay
erin:  well… 
andy:  she should go home. its not the end of the world. well go on our date next week. shes still gonna like me in a week. right?
jo:  yes
andy:  i was just working at my desk and i wanted to run some new leads by you.
jo:  oh! youre sick!  dangit! thats exactly why i sent that receptionist home
andy:  no, no, no, no, no
jo:  get everybody sick in the office
andy:  i have some good ideas
jo:  we dont need any heroes here honey. its time for you to get on home now.
andy:  you sure?
jo:  youll probably feel better once you get some pants on. come on.
michael:  very nice.
daryl:  not bad, huh
michael:  a real hoop dreams story you got there. oh man, you seem to have caught jos eye. howd you make that happen
daryl:  i impressed her with my good ideas
michael:  hm mm. seriously, how did you do it
daryl:  i made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. you were there
michael:  how do i put this delicately? does her family owe your family something, in terms of a past injustice
daryl:  now mike, i have to ask you to leave, so that i can learn about this tiny television.
michael:  okay. all right.
jo:  hey there.
michael:  hey there. so i think im done. gonna head out. unless you want to chat. like we were doing earlier
jo:  well theres chatting time and theres working time. im still on working time
michael:  mm? well, the clock says chatting time, so.
jo:  well, if you feel like youve done a solid days work
michael:  right. what
jo:  well i mean, if you can put your name on this day, and be proud of the amount of work youve done, then, by all means, you should toodle on home
michael:  mm. mm. oh well
jo:  anything else i can help you with
michael:  no, no, no. thats super-clear-ish.  nope. nope. nope. nope.
kevin:  just because jo has no life, does not mean that the rest of us dont have lives. oscar has a life. i think ryan has a life. this is outrageous.
michael:  hey pack-man
todd packer:  hey whats up, butt-plug
michael:  how you doing stud? you already there
todd packer:  dude, ive been here since three! ive boot and rallied twice
michael:  hows the lady situation
todd packer:  fat and ugly. you might actually have a chance
michael:  ah damn. that sounds great. unfortunately i am stuck here, because my boss is making us work late
todd packer:  oh heres what you do. hike up your skirt and pull out your tampon, borrow some balls and come meet me
michael:  yeah. maybe next year
todd packer:  maybe next “queer.” hey ladies, who wants some bangers and mash?
erin:   oh! andy!
andy:  hi
erin:  im in my jammy-jams
andy:  thats okay, im in my “worky-works.” you look amazing
erin:  oh, thanks. come in!
meredith:  hey! me and creed are in. are you guys in
kevin:  oh im in
oscar:  im in.
meredith:  all right.
jo:  oh, you dont become the most powerful woman in tallahassee by slacking off.  you do it by working hard. or marrying rich. i did both!
dwight:  ah. got a little client meeting at shanny ogannigans tonight. it shouldnt go all night long, so if youd like me to, i could swing by your house so the baby can experience a strong male presence.  no? nothing? okay. have fun working. 
dwight:  hi there jo. sorry to interrupt. um, this evening  i have
jo:  hello
jim:  hey jo, its jim halpert. i actually scheduled a meeting at 7:30 with a very important client. and its so weird, because we never have meetings after 5pm. but i was hoping that maybe just this once, it would be okay
jo:  well sure. you know, you go ahead and push some printers
jim:  you know i will. and by the way, seriously, we never, never do this
jo:  okay
jim:  okay
jo:  sorry sugar. whatd you want
dwight:  well, you see, i actually do have a meeting. with a client. im just gonna reschedule for next week.
jo:  thank you
jim:   thanks again by the way.
daryl:  hey! what are you fellas doing up here
warehouse guy 1:  were here to bust you out
daryl:  i wish, but uh
warehouse guy 1:  dude! your shirt tucked in
daryl:  oh. yeah, um, i must have did that when i was in the bathroom.all right then, uh, let me get to it
warehouse guy 1:  all right.
warehouse guy 2:  see you later.
erin:  your hands cold
andy:  it is? im sorry
erin:  yeah, have some more blanket
andy:  okay, thanks
reid:  whats up
andy:  whoa
erin:  youre awake. andy, this is my brother, reid
andy:  i didnt know you had a brother
erin:  hes my foster brother
andy:  well, any brother of erins is a friend of mine. nice to meet you. andy bernard.
reid:  cold hands.
andy:  are we rotating seats, or
reid:  oh yeah, youre the guest. take the easy chair, best seat in the house. plus, you dont have to sit next to this big dork and her smelly feet
erin:  hey! my feet arent smelly, they smell like roses. smell them!
reid:  ooh!
andy:  so, how does the whole foster sibling thing work? do you guys share one parent or-
erin:  none. we were in the same house from ages ten to twelve. and then from fifteen to eighteen
andy:  all right. formative years.
reid:  nice skirt
andy:  yeah, its a kilt.
angela:  yes, im anxious to get off work. but let me be clear. its not to celebrate st patricks day. its so i can protest st. patricks day.
jo:  overnight all my damn bags home. im carrying nothing but my sable gloves.ive had it with homeland security. and i want you to put all those tracking numbers in my blackberry
michael:  how late do we have to work tonight
gabe:  you never know with jo. sometimes were here til midnight. sometimes she doesnt show up for three days
michael:  why does she do that? why doesnt she just tell you what your schedule is
gabe:  yeah, that would be awesome. i could get a girlfriend. wouldnt have to go to amsterdam seven times a year. but uh, im young, right?i will date when im dead! 
michael:  do i really want to turn out like gabe? twenty-six. single. tied to my desk. no life, no family. i want to have been married by the time i wouldve turned thirty. thats just – thats just depressing.
michael:  hello jo
jo:  anything i can do for you puddin
michael:  there is, as a matter of fact. its getting sorta late. its 8:30. and its st. patricks day, which is a world ethnic holiday. so i have decided im going to dismiss my employees
jo:  hmm
michael:  im thrilled with the work theyve done today, both quality and the quantity. great performance, very, very solid all the way around.
jo:  all right then
michael:  okay. happy st. patricks day.  and also, i would like to say that i will be canceling my trip down to tallahassee. although i do look forward to our professional relationship
jo:  michael
michael:  yes
jo:  i look forward to that too.
andy:  ooh. its coming down out there.
erin:  yes. thank you, for coming all the way here
andy:  no, i
erin:  im so sorry i was so sick.
andy:  ah. oh great, now im gonna get sick. 
michael:  excuse me, excuse me. hey guys
michael:  drinks are on me
oscar:  no! no, no no! put your credit cards away. drinks are on us
michael:  oh -hoh! all right.
michael:  did i mess up my career today? my future prospects at sabre? i dont know. there is a chance. yes. i tell you i love my job. but jo wants me to put on a show for her, and pretend to work late?nah. i spent all day, trying to make her like me, and i forgot to ask myself something: do i even like her?as the irish poet bobby mcferrin says, “dont worry, be happy.
todd packer:  whoops!
michael:  okay. okay, all right. best night ever.  what the hell is going on back there?
jim:  yeah. we should be able to have that right over to you by monday. yeah no problem.  thank you
dwight:  what the hell is this
jim:  oh
dwight:  this is not mega-desk
jim:  no, its not. they call it quad-desk.
dwight:  thats ridiculous, this is made up of three desks
jim:  oh my god. were going to have to re-name it then arent we?
dwight:  hello, dwight schrute?
