dwight:   breathe. work your core. come on
michael:  how many is that
dwight:  not counting the last one, 25.
michael:  count the last one
dwight:  ok, 25 and one girl push-up
michael:  oh, new record
dwight:  okay
michael:  oh, what did you do today
jim:  i made a sale
michael:  oh, yeah, sitting on your big fat butt. alright, that is the number to beat
meredith:  what do we get if we do em
michael:  my respect.  okay, ill make it a little more interesting. anyone who does more than 25 push-ups 
dwight:  and one girl push-up
michael:  gets to go home.  ooh! i say ‘dance, they say ‘how high? here we go. oh, no. no, no, no. butt to high.  disqualified
angela:  ow
michael:  what do we got? creed, disqualified
creed:   oh, come on
jim:  19.  i had a really hard work out this morning
michael:   oh, wow, that is adorable
phyllis:  ten
michael:  yeah, im betting one more
phyllis:  eleven, wow
michael:  good
everyone:   stan-ley! stan-ley! stan-ley
michael:  alright, alright. 
oscar:  essentially, what we have here is one of those stories where a mother lifts a car to save her baby.
michael:  well, its not exactly fair. hes got all of his weight thats helping him go down.
dwight:  25. yeah! come on, you can do it
phyllis:  one more, one more!
oscar:  you okay? you okay, stanley
stanley:  excuse me
jim:  wow. 
oscar:  hey. matt, right
matt:  hey, oscar. youre here early.
oscar:  i always come in at 7.
warehouse guy:  no, you dont
oscar:  well… hey, uh, are you doing anything later tonight
matt:  i dont know. im free. if you hear of anything going on, let me know
oscar:  yeah.
oscar:  yeah, we talked this morning and we talked at christmas. so, a little momentum there.  just a couple of hours to kill before work.
darryl:  hey, whats up
oscar:  hey, nice office
darryl:  thanks, its cool. so
oscar:  you know what we havent done in a while? happy hour. upstairs, the warehouse, everybody just going out for a drink
darryl:  has that ever happened? ever
oscar:  didnt we? i think we did
darryl:  you want me to invite matt
oscar:  yeah, the whole gang, matt included
darryl:  look, just be straight with me, man. you can be gay with matt, just be straight with me.
oscar:  so happy hour
darryl:  happy hour. my pleasure
oscar:  all right.
oscar:  so what do you think
phyllis:  hmmm, i saw a new drink on tv id like to try. ill ask bob.
phyllis:  yeah, i love going to bars with bob. i tend to wear something low-cut, get men to flirt with me, and bob beats em up. what?
andy:  a bunch of us are talking about happy hour.
jim:  i would love, love, love to go. only problem is, pams at home with the baby and i think she wants a night in.
andy:  oh, baloney.
jim:  good one
andy:  ring her up.
jim:  absolutely, i will do that right now.
jim:  i gotta tell you, this baby is amazing. she gets me out of everything. and i – and i love her. i also love her, very much.
jim:  so some of the co-workers were thinking of going out tonight, but i told them
pam:   yes! yes! i would love to
andy:  ha! knew it!
pam:   its been so long since ive been with adults. i am so excited to see everybody. creed, ryan. oh my god, stanley! stanleys going to be there. yes, oh my god
jim:  i did not see this coming.
andy:  erin, i need you to fax this and get me a confirmation, pronto.  are you going later
erin:  sure, if you are.
andy:  yes
erin:  talk to me that way again, and ill cut your face off.
andy:  whoa.
andy:  we recently struck up a romantic relationship. and, um…but were kinda keeping it quiet for now cause its still kind of a new thing. its a little delicate, and we just dont want all the drama
erin:  exactly
andy:  yeah, cause when everyone knows-  thats actually pretty funny, but in general, you know
erin:  quiet.
andy:  hey, boss man.
michael:  yes
andy:  a bunch of us are going to get some drinks, you in
michael:  ladies and gentleman, it is quitting time.
andy:  im sorry, i meant later
michael:  ok, yes. sure.
andy:  for happy hour
michael:  no, i got that
andy:  trying to get a head count
michael:  i am in
andy:  all right, yes! its a deal
michael:  its a deal.
pam:  oh, hey, i invited my friend julie.
jim:  okay
pam:  i want her to meet michael
jim:  why
pam:  theyre both single, i have a sense they might
jim:  youve been gone for a long time
pam:  it is not that. kevin! oh
kevin:  yeah!
pam:  hey, how are you
kevin:  oh, i missed you so much
pam:  aw
kevin:  yeah!
pam:  yeah
kevin:  waaah! 
kevin:  when a new mom hears a baby cry, her you-know-whats fill up with you-know-what, and then her shirt gets, you know… that would be funny.
michael:  oh, wow, i cannot believe this is happening. this is everything i dreamed. oh, my god!
jim:  easy
michael:  its not a birthday, its not a good-bye party
jim:  oh, hey, pam and i are gonna go play pool with one of her friends, and we need a fourth
michael:  sucks to be you
jim:  would you like to be our fourth
michael:  that would be sublime
jim:  all right.
darryl:  so, the guy shows me the deck hes built. and im like, ‘ill call this a deck if itll make you happy, but this is just a porch without a roof.  it was ridiculous man, it was like-you could maybe get two chairs on the thing. two lawn chairs.
pam:  hey, michael
michael:  yes
pam:  this is my friend julie
michael:  hello, how are you
julie:  good. hi
michael:  what is a nice girl like you hanging out with these bums for? 
pam:  julie laughs at everything.
julie:  so you work with pam and jim
michael:  oh, no, no. pam and jim work for me. and if they win, they are fired
julie:   i should hope not
michael:  no. no, not really. not really, but they better not win
isabel:  hey.
pam:  hey, isabel, you made it. oh, my goodness
isabel:  of course
pam:  you want to play pool
isabel:  um, im gonna do a lap. see if i know anyone
pam:  ok.
angela:  and then they said the most ridiculous thing about anderson cooper, which i do not have the decency to repeat, but trust me when i tell you that
dwight:  hold that thought. well, well, well. if it isnt isabel
isabel:  mm-hmm
dwight:  whats a girl like you doing in a place like this
isabel:  a girl like me is why a guy like you comes to a place like this
dwight:  ooh, i love repartee
isabel:  do you
dwight:  usually means theres a battle scene coming.
michael:  so, what do you do
julie:  i am an esl teacher.
michael:  really?
julie:  yeah
michael:  see, i didnt think you could teach that. i thought that was something you were born with. what am i thinking right now
julie:  are you thinking that i said ‘esp
michael:  yes. i feel like an idiot. awesome.
julie:  i was a little nervous when pam told me he was her boss, but he doesnt act like a boss at all. if i had a boss like that, wed never get anything done.
jim:  so what do you think
michael:  about what
jim:  about julie
michael:  shes nice.
jim:  yeah.
michael:  yeah
jim:  so you like her
michael:  uh, yeah, sure
jim:  so pam was right
michael:  about what
jim:  about you two hitting it off.
michael:   well, apparently, michael scott is on a date. and that, that my friend, changes everything. 
hide:  my brother, good head, bad heart. good head, bad heart
oscar:  i know.
pam:  hey, michael, where have you been?
jim:  hey, youre supposed to hit the white ball first, buddy. nice one. can i talk to you for a sec? all right. everything ok
pam:  why are you wearing a hat now
michael:  guys, come on, im on a date. let me do my thang.
michael:  hi, im date mike. nice to meet me. how do you like your eggs in the morning? 
jim:  you want to just make a run for it
pam:  maybe
kevin:  waaaah!  waaaaah! mommy
jim:  what is happening?
andy:  whoa! what is crackin
ryan:  guys, one second. 
kelly:  were focusing, were focusing, we cant talk
erin:  whats this game
ryan:  one second
andy:  yeah, how do you play
ryan:  guys, guys, guys, please.  ok, all right, its all yours now
kelly:  only three tickets.
ryan:  if we save em up, we can get more than a sticker this time
kelly:  stop telling me how to spend my tickets.
ryan:  i know, but you wanted the big thing
andy:  wow, can you imagine what people would say if they saw us dancing together
erin:  oh i know.
andy:  theyd be like, ‘whats up with those two
erin:  ‘hey, guys, get a bedroom already
andy:  ‘did we miss the wedding? um, i got it-ill do this, and you play the racing game, and then well switch
erin:  yes, okay. yeah, thats smart.
andy:  no drama. ok.
isabel:  oh, air hockey, basketball, we could play that. oh, whack-a-mole
dwight:  any brothers or sisters
isabel:  three brothers
dwight:  really
isabel:  two are in the marines, ones a cop
dwight:  vegetarian
isabel:  no. i love meat
dwight:  whats your blood type
isabel:  o-negative. universal donor
dwight:  universal donor. 
dwight:  angela versus isabel. height, advantage isabel. birthing hips, advantage isabel. remaining child-bearing years, advantage isabel. legal obligation, advantage angela.
michael:  hey, guys, guys, guys.  watch this. ready
julie:  what are you doing
michael:  im tying a knot in the stem with my tongue
jim:  michael, you dont have to do this
michael:   wow. oh, wow, that was close.
michael:  i would say i kind of have an unfair advantage because i watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and i learn. i absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. actually, i probably learn more from the losers.
phyllis:  hey, you two having fun
andy:  did you tell them?
erin:  no
andy:  this is exactly what i dont want, the drama. i dont want the drama
erin:  i get it.
isabel:   you are amazing at this. how did you get so good
dwight:  whacking moles. hit em on the head. whack. say it with me
isabel:  whack
dwight:  extend the fingers more
isabel:  whack
dwight:  good
angela:  this looks like a hoot
dwight:  hey, monkey, how you doing
angela:  whack
dwight:  listen, can i talk to you for a second
angela:  okay
dwight:  look, ive been thinking. we had a good run. we really did. but you dont need to worry about this whole contract thing anymore
angela:  its no worry.
dwight:  its just that we both-we want different things. you know, i want a big family
angela:  i could see enjoying that
dwight:  no, no, no, no. i want a big family. tall. thick. a big, physically big family. listen, you go have fun. youre off the hook
angela:  but we signed the contract
dwight:  dissolved. dont worry, youre free. okay? okay. see you later
angela:  we both-you didnt dup-
jim:   wow. maybe we should tell her that hes not normally like this
pam:  maybe it should come from a man
jim:  maybe it should come from a note… with flowers…tomorrow
bar manager:  hello
michael:  hello
bar manager:  hi.
michael:  hi
bar manager:  you wanna pay 400 bucks to re-felt this table
michael:  yeah, why dont you send the bill to 23 i dont care lane, scranton, pennsylvania
pam:  hey, michael, why dont you just get down
michael:  hey, she can tell im on a date, right? right? im just having fun
bar manager:  ted, are we having fun
michael:  really? you told on me. thats lame
bouncer:  we got a problem
michael:  yes. homelessness. what
bar manager:  all right, go
michael:  where
bar manager:  get out. now
michael:  okay, all right. okay, whoa. im just kidding around. im sorry.
pam:  ok, um, why dont we just finish the game? michael, its your shot
michael:  she cant talk to us that way
pam:  you guys are stripes, i think
michael:  you let somebody talk to you like that, where does it stop
jim:  it stopped
michael:  well, i am starting it again
pam:  do you guys want some food? the wings are really good here.
michael:  hey, you embarrassed my friends in front of me and im gonna need you to go back over to the table and apologize.
bar manager:  then i am sorry that i didnt kick you out
michael:  i am here with my employees. i am here on a date. hello
bar manager:  well, uh, im the manager here, sir.
michael:  well, it just so happens that i am a manager too. and the way i manage people is that i touch their hearts and souls with humor, with love and maybe a dash of razzle-dazzle. and i dont see that from you.
bar manager:  is that how you do it
michael:  yes it is. i am writing a book about it
bar manager:  really? how much have you written
michael:  ive written all of it… in my head
bar manager:  oh.
michael:  if youre really interested, its called ‘somehow i manage and theres going to be a picture of me on the cover, shrugging, with my sleeves rolled up
bar manager:  huh. have you read lee iacoccas? its a classic
michael:  read it? i own it. but no, i have not read it
bar manager:  dude, tonight! youre not going to want to put it down. its gonna make you want to go out and buy a chrysler tomorrow
michael:  i own a chrysler
bar manager:  shut up
michael:  no, you shut up
bar manager:  whats your drink
michael:  grenadine
bar manager:  what?
andy:  we just have to throw everyone off the scent a little, so follow my lead
erin:  okay
andy:   hi
girl at table:  hi
andy:  i dont normally do this, but
girl at table:  do what
andy:  just sit down next to a beautiful woman and start talking to myself to confuse other people
erin:   hey, big boy. do you like it when i do that
andy:   what are you doing
erin:  what we said to do.
andy:  we didnt say we were gonna, like, start groping strangers
erin:  i was flirting with a man
andy:  get in here.  where did you learn to talk like that
erin:  the movies. i dont know.
andy:  well, what movie? black snake moan?
michael:  i manage a paper company-dunder mifflin/sabre.
bar manager:  you have a card
michael:  i did. i actually put it in your bowl
bar manager:  stanley hudson
michael:  no, no
bar manager:  whoa, a lot of stanley hudsons in here
michael:  no, its michael scott
bar manager:  michael scott
michael:  he is i
bar manager:  you just won yourself a lunch
michael:  oh, hey guys. 
julie:  i think im gonna go
pam:  really
julie:  yeah
pam:  im sorry, hes not usually like that
julie:  whats he usually like
pam:  hes more, just… like… you can go
julie:  yeah
jim:  all right.
pam:  okay. bye.
jim:  see ya. nice girl
pam:  yeah.
michael:  hey, julie! you having fun?
bar manager:  so… when are you coming in for that free lunch? youre gonna want to come in on a day that im working. uh, maybe i can hear more about that book, too.
darryl:  hey, man, you put together a pretty fun night for everybody. i saw you talking to hide. did you hear that dudes life story? its amazing, right
oscar:  i couldnt understand a word he said
darryl:  let me tell you something, oscar. all right, matts an okay dude, but hes a dummy. you guys got nothing in common
oscar:  maybe youre right. i should count myself lucky.
matt:  hey, whats up
oscar:  there he is! hey, hey, hey
matt:  anyone up for some hoops
oscar:  sure. hoops
matt:  lets do it
oscar:  hoop it up, right.
andy:  this is not what i want my relationship to look like. 
andy:   hi, ladies and gentlemen. my name is andrew bernard, and ive been on two dates with erin hannon and they went well, and there will probably be more. thank you.
andy:  you know, it got to the point where keeping it a secret was just too much drama. and i hate drama, so there you go
erin:   you love drama
andy:  i know, i do, right? im a total drama queen.
dwight:  with this move, he cant get you.
isabel:  well, i think that he could counter that move. the scranton strangler is a professional strangler
dwight:  oh, please. i wish hed come after me.i would be like-aaah
angela:  dwight schrute! dwight kurt schrute
dwight:  sh-what
angela:  you are hereby served with a summons to appear in lackawanna county court
dwight:  no, no, no.  blah blah blah blah
angela:  for breach of contract with angela noelle martin.
isabel:  what are you talking about
dwight:  what are you
angela:  dwight recently entered into a contract with me, establishing intent to conceive and raise a child with me.
dwight:  angela
angela:  did he not tell you that
dwight:  youre really putting me in an awkward position here
angela:  do you plan on raising a child with me? or do you plan on breaking this contract
dwight:  angela, not here
angela:  dwight
isabel:  whack!
angela:  youll see me in small claims court
dwight:  you are an impressive specimen
isabel:  thank you. 
kelly:   then, i spilled my drink, and they wouldnt give me a refill
pam:  oh-oh, gosh. oh
jim:  you all right
pam:  okay, we have to get home
kevin:  yeah
michael:  halperts, wait up. oh, what a great night. got to hang out with my peeps. sort of did okay with a new young lady.
jim:  actually, you didnt
pam:  not at all
michael:  i think i did. but i cant take all of the credit. some of the credit is due, in fact, to my good friend, date mike. nice to meet me.
darryl:  tell em your story, hide
hide:  in japan, heart surgeon. number one. steady hand. one day, yakuza boss need new heart. i do operation. but, mistake! yakuza boss die. yakuza very mad. i hide in fishing boat, come to america. no english,no food, no money. darryl give me job. now i have house, american car, and new woman. darryl save life. my big secret:i kill yakuza boss on purpose. i good surgeon. the best!
