michael:  dunder mifflin is about to be sold. but first an investment banker has to drop by and sign off on our branch. and… im… pretty nervous about it. and… im… making some cosmetic tweaks to help create a more appealing environment. is that dishonest? well, think of it this way: when you look in the mirror and you see your push-up bra and your fake eyelashes and your make-up and your press-on nails; the principles that i am applying to the office are the same ones that have made lady gaga a star… or any number of drag queens.
eric:  hi 
computron:   hello, eric ward. welcome to dunder mifflin. i am computron, your answer to everything
eric:  hello
michael:   i see youve met computron, our virtual helper. im michael scott. welcome. welcome. computron is just one of the many modern devices that i have incorporated into the office. watch this. computron
computron:  yes
michael:  what is the worlds largest ocean
computron:  calculating. calculating. pacific
michael:  pacific ocean. pretty cool, huh
andy:  great news, michael. were now the official paper supplier of the nfl
michael:  that is fantastic. its good, but its not good enough. keep working. and heres pam. shes our international sales consultant
pam:  hello
computron:  the nfl celebrated its 50th anniversary in 1972
pam:  hola. bonjour. ni hao.
pam:  it might seem crazy, but since theres no one left in new york, michael is dunder mifflins highest ranking employee. so, thats where we are.
michael:  hello, stanley
fake stanley:  hi.
pam:  for the record? not on board with fake stanley… although, i get it.
eric:  uh, i just need to check out your warehouse and then talk to your hr guy. that is pretty much the only reason im here
michael:  ok. well, i thought id show you around a little bit –
eric:  right
michael:  – since you made the trip out. and i got us reservations at coopers seafood. you like lobster? youve had lobster before, right
eric:  yeah
michael:  they make the best maine lobster in the world. youll love it
computron:  mul yam in tel aviv is better
michael:  no, computron, actually i think coopers is the best. youre gonna love it
computron:  are you calling me wrong
michael:   oh, my god.
eric:  its called ‘due diligence. basically, i confirm inventory, take a head count, see if there are any hr liabilities. im a glorified fact checker. actually, i am a fact checker.
michael:  alright. excuse me.  if you will 
ryan:  michael, do you think i could get a space heater –
michael:  – follow me this way. ill introduce you to the crack hr rep that you requested. i give you toby flenderson. have fun, you two.
dwight:  oh, we will. have a seat. 
michael:  i left a copy of best american mystery stories 1999 in tobys favorite stall. so, yes, i think i bought us some time.
eric:  so, um, the manager, michael scott… is a bit of a character
dwight:  he has more character in a single flake of his dandruff then you have in that entire snow bank on your shoulder. wait, what was the question
toby:  what are, are you doing at my desk
dwight:  ignore him. hes the local lunatic
toby:  come on, dwight. get out of here
dwight:  dwight? who is this dwight? oh! you mean dwight schrute, the companys top salesman and the creator of computron. i wear many hats but the one im currently wearing is that of gracious host.  welcome.
toby:  sorry. hey, toby flenderson. nice to meet you. how can i help
eric:  um, are there any outstanding liability issues to be aware of
toby:  what do you mean
eric:  well, safety issues, injuries that could leave the company open to potential lawsuits
toby:  um… nothing comes to mind. 
eric:  so, the staff?
toby:  mm-hmm
eric:  are people generally happy
toby:   happys a funny word
eric:  in what way
toby:  you know, uh, what does it mean to be happy.  keep philosophers busy for awhile
eric:  so… generally
toby: yes
eric:  generally
toby:  generally happy.
eric:   generally happy.
eric:  what about non-safety issues, in terms of liability? sexual harassment. anything like that?
toby:  oh, i dont know
eric:  you, you dont know
toby:  i dont know
eric:  youre the head of human resources
toby:  i dont know. no
eric:  ok. 
toby:  i dont know how im going to get through this. i dont want to lie and i dont want to tell the truth.
michael:  hey, tobes. whatcha doin? whatcha guys talkin about
toby:  well, erics just going over some stuff
michael:  stuff. i love stuff
toby:  its, uh, its hr stuff
michael:  hr stuff?  hr pufnstuf. right up my alley.  what is that? what kind of stuff is that
eric:  its uh, its a company evaluation form
michael:  ah
eric:  talkin bout, uh –
michael:  talkin bout, uh, what
eric:  waste is next
michael:  waste? what does that even mean? like garbage
eric:  no, waste of time and resources
michael:  oh, time and resources
toby:  look, you know, in any companytheres going to be certain degrees –
michael:  no. no. no. no. no. no. respectfully, toby, no. no. this company does not waste time or resources, ever. 
eric:  is anyone near retirement age? 
eric:   hey, uh, yeah, i finally got a chance to sit down with hr. so… well, i think im gonna be here for awhile.
michael:  this is a building where friends become lovers and lovers become sexually interactive.  right? would you agree with that
toby:  michael, this is really inappropriate to talk about
michael:  thats, that is true. 
dwight:   thank you, so much
kevin:  thank you
angela:  thank you
eric:  thank you. its nice to meet you all
pam:  good to meet you
angela:  have a great day
dwight:  hope to see you soon
kevin:  yeah.
michael:  i feel very sorry for that banker because he has to evaluate what we are worth. he has to decide what we are capable of and how do you do that? what is jim capable of… or pam… or kevin? 
michael:  i dont care if he goes and files a report and says that were nothing special because i think our future is very bright. we have only just begun
computron:  computron experiencing emotion
michael:  computron, im gonna pull your plug. ok? buddy
computron:  ok
michael:  just – sh 
computron:   please dont. computron 
michael:  shut –
computron:  wants to live
michael:  shut up. shut up.
michael:   sittin in my office with a plate of grilled bacon. called my man, dwight, just to see what was shakin
dwight:  yo, mike, our town is dope and pretty
michael:  so check out how we liv
both:  in the electric city
michael:  they call it scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. lazy scranton, the electric city. they call it that cause of the electricity. the citys laid out from east to west and our public parks are libraries are truly the best. call poison control if youre bitten by a spider
dwight:  but check that its covered by you
both:  healthcare provider
michael:  plenty of space in the parking lot
dwight:  but the little cars go in the compact spot!
both:  spot. spot. spot. spot. spot
michael:  snack attack time
dwight:  dont lose your head
michael:  we like cugino
both:  for the tasty bread
michael:  they call it scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. scranton
dwight:  what
michael:  the electric city. scranton
dwight:   what
michael:  ugh.
