michael:   parkour
andy:  parkour
dwight:   extreme! parkour
jim: this… is parkour.  internet sensation of 2004. and it was in one of the bond films. its pretty impressive.  the goal is to get from point a to point b as creatively as possible, so technically they are doing parkour, as long as point a is delusion and point b is the hospital
dwight: 
dwight:  andy! leapfrog!
andy:  do me! do me
dwight:  yeah!  parkour! parkour
andy:  ow! get off! get off
dwight:  okay
dwight:   jump over the camera! jump over the camera!
michael:   okay, we all go together or we go one at a time
andy:  here it is, here it is… truck, to refrigerators, to dumpster,  360 onto the pallets, backflip gainer to the trash can
andy:   hardcore parkour
michael:  parkoooooour
dwight:  lets do it
andy: 
andy:   parkour!
dwight:   good. excellent. thank you
female intern:   there you go. is there anything else i can do
dwight:   yes. umm… see those files behind kevins desk
female intern:   mm hmm
dwight:  go put them all in random order
female intern:   mm-kay
dwight:  then come back here for your next assignment concerning their order.
pam: this is the last day of our summer interns. its been nice. we havent had interns for a while, ever since michaels monica lewinsky incident.  he didnt do anything sexual.  he just made far, far too many monica lewinsky jokes.  it was just easier for corporate to shut down the program.
meredith:   think she did him
oscar:  i bet theres something there. i was with them in the kitchen yesterday, and they were all too happy to be cleaning the freezer
kelly:  if they get married before i do, im going to kill myself
michael:   whos getting married
pam:  nobody
michael:  if somebody doesnt tell me, im gonna start screaming
kelly:  its eric and megan
michael:  oh! hey, i hired them! matchmaker! this place is like spaniard fly
phyllis:  theyre not getting married. its just talk
michael:  did everybody know about this but me
phyllis:  theres nothing to know, its just gossip
michael:   okay… okay. 
pam:   we havent told anyone im pregnant
jim:  well, with her being unmarried… knocked up by some guy, i mean the yakity-yaks in this office would have a field day
pam:  yeah, we dont want them at the wedding thinking jims being marched down the aisle by my dad with a shotgum
jim:  wait, theres not gonna be a shotgun
pam:  nope
jim:  no shotgun… cause that changes everything
pam:  cant back out now, halpert
jim:  what are you gonna do about it? theres no shotgun, so… free at last, free at last
pam:  no, keep it up.
michael:   youll never guess what i know
dwight:   okay, let me finish this thought
michael:  eric likes megan
dwight:   he most definitely does. hes been asking her out repeatedly for weeks. she finally said yes. they went out on a group date the other night; apparently it went very well
michael:   how do you know this
dwight:   people tell me things. i guess i have a face you can trust. i think its because of my low cheekbones. and… boom.  okay, what is it, what cant i guess?
michael: i hate, hate, hate being left out. whether its not being picked for a team, or being picked for a team and showing up and realizing the team doesnt exist. or that the sport doesnt exist? i shouldve known. poopball?
michael:   man, i know how you feel. third wheel. i have been the third wheel so many times in my life. my mom told me something once that made me feel a lot better. she said “the third wheel is what makes it a tricycle.
maurie:  what are you talking about
michael:  im talking about your group date with megan and eric
maurie:  at tinks
michael:  ye
maurie:  howd you know about that
michael:  well…
maurie:  did stanley tell you
michael:   stanley was on your group date
maurie:  no, stanley was with his wife. i waved at him, but he didnt wave back
michael:   does anybody else know about this
maurie:  no
michael:  
michael:  there he goes. there he goes.
michael:  so, what is the scuttlebutt? anybody hear anything
michael:  nothing? well i got a little somethin somethin. i dont know if i should say…
pam:  just keep it to yourself then
michael:  stanly is having a midlife crisis
dwight:  stanleys way past the middle of his life. especially considering his height to weight ratio
michael:  well apparently, he and his wife were out dancing at a club for young people
phyllis:  teris out of town, michael
michael:  who
phyllis:  teri, stanleys wife. shes at an interior decorating expo in philly. stanley hates crowds, kids, and music. i think you should check your facts
michael:  
michael:   you stupid son of a bitch. you set me up
maurie:  what are you talking about
michael:  stanleys wife is out of town
maurie:  he was with somebody
eric:  he was definitely with somebody
michael:  oh, was he? well who, his sister
eric: 
michael:   i dont get it
eric:  if that was his sister, then what they were doing was totally illegal
michael:  drugs
eric:  making out
michael:   mmm… okay. uhh… hmm… okay. never mind. carry on.
michael:   stanley is having an affir
kelly:  what??
michael: i am very happy right now. thrilled perhaps, to be part of the office, to be part of the conversation. when you have somebodys attenton, and their eyes are lighting up because they are very interested in what you have to say,  that is a great feeling, and i experienced that firsthand today. it is wonderful to be the center of attention.
michael:   that and that are the same letter
kevin:  q
michael:  no… no. hes holding a pencil. he could be doing a crossword puzzle with that pencil. whats that letter, right there? same letter here and here. what havent you guessed
kevin:  t
michael:  t! yes! yes! that is a “t”, and theres another one right there. just sound that out. youre almost there.
michael:   hey, stanley! where you goin, big guy? up to no good
stanley:  im meeting a client. do you have a problem with that
michael:  no, no, no, no. i just had a quick question for you. im casting a movie and im looking for a woman who can dance, beautiful woman. do you know anybody
stanley:  goodbye.
michael:  pays five million dollars. nudity required
jim:   you have to stop this
michael:   did you hear stanleys having an affair
jim:  i did. from you. you gotta stop telling people
michael:  oh, okay, i get it. you feel out of the loop, and you feel sorry for yourself, and its really sad because everybody thinks youre a loser…
jim:  do you know if its true? do you have any idea? because you might be ruining his life
michael:  
michael:   stop. hold up, hold up, hold up! no, no, no. time to stop being polite and get real.  stanley, are you having an affair
stanley:   that is ridiculous. of course not, why would you think that
michael:  so its not true. okay, well… ahhh, those interns, they told me they saw you at a club, and they all said it was you, it was clearly just… racial profiling gossip
stanley:   damn! i told her it was a stupid idea to go up in that club.
michael:   so stupid
stanley:  its just that… teris been traveling a lot…
michael:  i know, i know
stanley:  and its been lonely
michael:  oh, i bet
stanley:  cynthias been keeping me company. she was my nurse, when i was in rehabilitation. we used to go on these long walks on the treadmill… i didnt…
michael:  wait, hold, hold, hold… so it is true
stanley:  yeah, but michael, im going to go break it off. thats where im headed right now. i swear
michael:  oh my god! wait a second, do people often say theyre going on sales calls and then go someplace else? ‘cause thats not cool
stanley:  i just need you to promise not to say a word about this to anyone. michael, please
michael:   im not saying… a damn thing
stanley:  im counting on you, michael
michael:   you can count on me
stanley:  
michael:   oh, that smells good
kevin:  i might have extra, it just depends on how many i eat
michael:  did you hear about angela? thats pretty weird
kevin:  yeah… what do you mean exactly
michael:  well, the fact that she is apparently dating an 81-year-old billionaire. owns a quiznos on the turnpike
kevin:  reeeeally
michael:  uh huh.  alright?
michael: how do you un-tell something? you cant. you cant put words back in your mouth. what you can do is spread false gossip so that people think that everything thats been said is untrue, including “stanley is having an affair.” its like the end of spartacus. ive seen that movie half a dozen times, and i still dont know who the real spartacus is, and that is what makes that movie a classic whodunit.
erin:  kelly has an eating disorder
michael:  yeah
erin:  she always eats my lunch
michael:  anorexia. shes an anorexatic
erin:  we should do something
michael:  nothing can be done, we just have to tell everybody and hope for the best i guess.
michael:   im worried about erin, because shes not a very good worker. i dont know how long shes gonna last here
kelly:  really
michael:  yeah. so… and andy is gay
kelly:  andy bernard?
michael:  mm hmm
michael:   did you hear pam is pregnant
meredith:  really
michael:  yeah
meredith:  shes gonna hate being a mom.
andy: 
kevin: 
andy:  what
kevin:   tea
andy:  so
kevin:  you would
andy:   i like tea
kevin:   oh, i bet you like it
andy:  hahaha! i like it a lot! i love tea
kevin:  do you like it as much as you like mens butts
andy:  what?
kevin:  because youre gay
andy:   who told you that? was it broccoli rob? someone from chi psi? or did you run into someone from my high school
andy: this is not the first time rumors about me being gay have come up. twice before, actually. just a weird coincidence… a little too weird.  almost makes you wonder if its not a coincidence at all. whoa! which it is, of course.  but it makes you wonder.
andy:   did you hear the rumor about me? that im gay
oscar:   i did. yes
andy:  and
oscar:  what
andy:  do you think its true? do you think that im… gay
oscar:  are you attracted to other men
andy:   no! but, let me kick you a scenario. im at a beach cabana, and brad pitt approaches. he tries to lean in and kiss me. i would definitely resist, like at first. but if he was persistent,  i think i might give in a little bit, just to see what it… felt like
oscar: 
andy:  would i push him away? how hard? like, what if hes like really aggressive
oscar:  if you resisted brad pitt a little bit, he would still… need to get to you
andy:  its not real brad pitt, this is like, this is my fantasy. or its like, not a fantasy, its just… its just a scenario
oscar:  wow. i wish… i wish i could help you. i dont… you might be gay. you might be gay
oscar: what exactly is my responsibility here? to comfort insecure heterosexual men? that cant possibly fall to me.
phyllis:  how far along is pam
meredith:  a few months, thats why theyre rushing the wedding
michael:   guys, guys… you cant believe everything you hear. like stanley, having an affair? that is crazy! its just… theres no stalking it. its a weird day for false facts. let it go
michael:   okay everybody, big day. last day for our interns, a lot of other stuff… who knows what to believe? dwight, the honors
dwight:   present these to the dean for credit. and, as a gift, ive attached my card. call me any time of the day or night
eric:  why would we call you at night
dwight:   well now you cant call me at all. problem solved
jim:   youre gonna regret that when you find yourself between a moose and her cubs
dwight:  look at the intern to your left. now to your right.  one of you will do exceedingly well in business, just unlimited potential. one of you will make a living, and nothing more. and one of you  will make a great mother. its up to you to choose which you want to be.
erin:   i am so happy youre eating again
kelly:   me too
andy:   tuna, how come you never try to set me up
jim:  oh, i dont really do that. but pam might have some friends, though
andy:  women friends
jim:  yep
andy:  not guy friends
jim:  are you… interested in her guy friends
andy:  no. i mean, for the record, i prefer women
jim:  okay
andy:  but off the record, im kinda confused
jim:  really
andy:  yeah, the evidence is sort of stacked against me, i feel like…
jim:  well you gotta figure this out
andy:  yeah, right
jim:  yeah
andy:  how
jim:  you gotta have sex with a woman
andy:  right-o
jim:  and a man
andy:  ohh…
jim:  and then compare
andy:  alright.  well hey…
jim:  yep
andy:  congratulations to you
jim:  on what
andy:   come on… little baby tuna. little junior toro
jim: 
angela:   did you know a baby conceived out of wedlock is still a bastard
pam:  what
angela:  want me to say it again
pam:  why did that come into your brain
jim:   can i talk to you for a second
jim:   so, they know
pam:  who did you tell
jim:  i didnt tell anyone! who did you tell
pam:  nobody
creed:   hey, did one of you tell stanley i have asthma? because i dont, and if it gets out, they wont let me scuba.
creed: if i cant scuba, then whats this all been about? what am i working toward?
oscar:   what? you think im the voice of the taco bell dog
toby:   what are you guys talking about? i have a daughter. how can i be a virgin
jim:  hey, has everyone heard a crazy rumor about themselves today
everyone:   yes
michael:   yeah, yeah… you know what? lets discredit these rumors
jim:  yeah, sure, but… whos been saying all that stuff
michael:  thats not important, jim, i just think we shouldnt listen to any of that crap
pam:  sure, but we should get to the bottom of this. lets pick a rumor and trace it back to the beginning
kevin:  i need to do mine first. whos been saying that theres another person inside of me, working me with controls
creed:  i heard that from… andy
andy:  i heard it from erin
erin:  i heard it from michael
michael:  
pam:   michael?  hes over here
pam:   where are you going
michael:  nowhere
dwight:  michael…  you told people i use store-bought manure, when i showed you where my manure comes from. hmm? hmm?
pam:  dont get on it.
jim:  michael, dont
pam:  dont… get… on. do not
jim:  michael…
kevin:  stay
pam:  step away
creed:  come on, boss
michael:  
michael:   okay, i made it all up
everyone: 
andy:  even the fact that im gay
michael:  yes
andy:   yes
michael:  but guys, im a victim here too, okay? people here have been saying that im a j. crew model
angela:  no. we heard that about jim
michael:  jim? no, no. i spread the rumor that somebody here was a j. crew model, and i was referring to myself
angela:  how is that a bad rumor
michael:  because a lot of people think that models, even though theyre very attractive, are somewhat vapid. its set our industry back quite a bit
oscar:  michael, why? why say all these things? why make up an eating disorder, stanleys affair, me being a spokesdog…
stanley:   you told everyone i was having an affair
michael:  okay, okay… heres the thing. there was one true rumor out there today. i didnt want everybody to know what it was. so all of you are off the hook, except for this one person
kelly:  well then, whats the one true rumor
phyllis:  we have a right to know
andy:  michael… am i gay
michael:   the one true rumor, and this is going to ruin this persons life, is that…
jim:   that pams pregnant
angela:  i knew it
kevin:  i knew it! her breasts were a tiny bit bigger. at first i thought “oh, she has a new bra with padding.” but then i thought “pam doesnt need padding.” it just didnt add up, jim
jim:  okay. thank you
phyllis:  congratulations
erin:  thats really great, you guys
ryan:  dont vaccinate it
dwight:  whos the father
pam:  jim
creed:  how far along
jim:  four months
creed:  whos the ob/gyn
pam:  stop. dont. just…
michael:  alright, alright… you know, this is not the truth, and you cant fall on the sword this way. the real thing is that stanley hudson had an affair
jim:  nope
michael:  yes. jim…
jim:   thank you for trying to defend her. but actually, pam is pregnant, and we can prove it
pam:  yes
jim:  if everyone would like to see proof
pam:  okay.
kelly:  are we just gonna wait here?
everyone: 
kelly:  its true
michael:  look at that!  that is the inside of your vagina! 
pam:   its clear why we were trying not to tell people. thats clear now. 
michael:   how long have you known about the pregnancy
jim &amp; pam: 
michael:  a week? a month? a year
jim:  michael, we only told our parents last week
michael:  did you pee on a stick
jim:  i did. it was inconclusive
michael:  you shouldve told me
pam:   youre right. we shouldve realized that you are an equal part of this
michael: 
erin:  michael, teri hudson returning your call
michael: 
pam:   you called stanleys wife
michael:  oh, oh… yeah, a long time ago, just to make sure she was out of town. oh… oh god
jim:  dont take it
michael:  no, i have to take it, or itll seem suspicious
pam:  if you talk to her, youre gonna tell her about stanley, and thats gonna seem more suspicious
michael:  no, no, i can do this
jim:  you cant do this
michael:  yes, i can. i am going to tell her that i need to redecorate my condo, and i need her help. we will haggle about money, and then i will back down, and then i wont talk to her until this whole cynthia thing has blown over
jim:  that sounds terrible
pam:  michael, please dont
michael:   hey, what up, cynthia?
jim: 
michael:  hold on a second, cynthia.
jim:  
michael:  well, it turns out that teri was already suspicious, because she had caught stanley and cynthia a few months ago. so stanley promised that he would stop, and he did, end of story. well, not exactly.  uhh, cynthia kept calling him, she would not stop calling him, and she was in love with him. oh, and get this. cynthia, also married. so… you cant stop love, i guess  and quite frankly, i dont think you should ever try.
maurie:   i learned that a company can describe their internship as “full of exciting experiences,” even if thats a lie. theres no regulation
megan:  i learned that half these peoples email password is “password.
eric:  i learned that a ream of paper is 300 sheets
megan:  i thought it was 500
eric:  oh… i guess i didnt learn anything
maurie:  i learned that if you look even the tiniest bit like jet li, michael will call you “jet li” all summer
megan:   julia stiles
eric:   alan thicke.
