oscar:   not again
dwight:  bow down before recyclops.
jim:  five years ago, corporate said we had to start a recycling program for earth day so dwight took the lead on that and introduced us to a very close friend of his named recyclops.
dwight:  happy earth day, everyone. im recyclops. did you know that an old milk carton can be sawed in half and used as a planter?
jim:  the next year he really stepped things up.
dwight:  who has put a number seven plastic in a number four bin?
jim:  a year after that recylcops really began to take shape.
dwight:  recylops will drown you in your over-watered lawns.
jim:  then tragedy struck recyclops when his fictional planet was attacked by some other fictitious thing… i cant remember.
dwight:  recyclops will have his revenge.
jim:  i think this was also the year he renounced earth day and vowed to the destroy the planet he once loved.
pam:  oh my god, you guys, look. its recyclops
dwight:  recyclops destroys!
stanley:  oh, is today recyclops day
dwight:  yes
stanley:  i thought you were killed by polluticorn
dwight:  polluticorn wishes.
andy:  thats aerosol spray. its terrible for the environment
dwight:  humans are terrible for the environment.
pam:  the thing i like most about recyclops is that hes creating a different world for our child
jim:  mmm
pam:  a world where you truly can be anything you want
jim:  god bless you, recyclops. and your cold robot heart. 
michael:   ok. ok. how bout this?
pam:  thats great
michael:  i want it to be better than ‘great, pam. how bout i remain seated… and i just do a little bit of a nod. sort of a humble thing.
pam:  sure
michael:  nope. then my face is down. they cant see my face.
meredith:  and it looks like youre taking a dump.
michael:  alan brand is the ceo of the company, if titles important to you, has personally invited moi to go to new york to the shareholders meetingand sit up on the stage with the board of directors. and at some point they are going to introduce me as the most successful branch manager that they have. and then michael scott turns and waves to the crowd… and the crowd goes wild.
andy:   ladies and gentlemen from scranton, pennsylvania, please welcome michael ‘the machine scott.
pam:  dont do the twirl
phyllis:  lose the twirl
dwight:  the twirl sucks
kevin:  michael, i hated the twirl
andy:   hate the twirl
michael:  ok. obviously im not going to do the twirl. i only did it because i nailed the wave
phyllis:  yeah, good. dont do it.
michael:  i am not going to do the twirl. alright? its not even a twirl, its a spin. i might do the spin.
oscar:  the long term problem is bad investments that they need to dump. the short term problem is the company has no cash and theres no where to get it
michael:  ok, oscar, i dont need the whole enchilada just the bullet points
oscar:  those are the bullet points
michael:  well, could you condense it please
oscar:  thats as simple as i can make it
erin:  michael? the limos here for you
michael:  its not a limo. its a town car. town cars are actually better, though. better torque. better handling
erin:  he said limousine, so…
kevin:   check it out, guys. theres a limo down here.  michael, look. oh, man
michael:  they sent a limo.
michael:  town cars suck. town car is something that a company sends when theyre in trouble. a limousine is something that a company sends when they have cause for celebration. and in this case i think we are celebrating me.
michael:   oh, wait. wait. wow. wow! oh, no way. look at that
dwight:  what kind of mileage does this baby get
erin:  its like what high school kids take to prom on tv shows
oscar:  this is so typical of management to spend money on this. ugh. bunch of boobs
michael:  hate to break it to you oscar but some of us like boobs
dwight:  calves. calves all the way
andy:  im so jealous right now
michael:  hey, you know who you should be jealous of? yourself. because youre invited and youre invited and youre invited and you and you and you and you and you and you
limo driver:  car seats eight
michael:  what
limo driver:  the car seats eight
michael:  the limo seats eight. ok. then jim and pam and ryan plus a guest
jim &amp; pam:  no thanks
ryan:  ill use it when youre done
michael:   mmm… whoa.
oscar:  the dunder mifflin stock symbol is dmi. do you know what that stands for? dummies, morons and idiots. because thats what youdhave to be to own it. and, as one of those idiots, i believe the board owes me answers.
michael:   i wish the windows werent tinted so people could see us in here
andy:  hey, guys, do you think anyone might have had sex in here
michael:  definitely.
dwight:  smells like it
michael:  definitely. look they got pillows. that. thats bigger than my bed
dwight:  word
andy:  yeah! yeah! yeah
michael:   whos playing with the button?
jim:  hey, ryan. could you start consolidating all our rolodex information into outlook
ryan:  uh, it doesnt seem like theres much of a point if the companys going under
jim:  but if the company doesnt go under then well finally have all our contacts in one program
ryan:  the companys probably going under, though
jim:  could go either way
ryan:  seems like its leaning one way
jim:  maybe we should just wait and find out
ryan:  definitely
jim:  ok
ryan:  so should we wait to find out before we start doing all this stuff
jim:  nah. might as well do it now.
andy:  michael, what if somebody asks you a question at this meeting? are you just gonna wave, or what
michael:  i will have to answer
dwight:  ill ask you a question
andy:  make it a softball. something he can, like, crank out of the park
dwight:  michael scott you run the most profitable branch of dunder mifflin. how do you do it
michael:  no, no. thats too hard. say your name is zamboni and then i will say, ‘well, were sort of on thin ice.  i wont say that. ill something like that
andy:  this is your big day. come on
michael:  oh, my god. this is it.
laurie:  mr. scott
michael:  yes
laurie:  im laurie
michael:  oh, hi
laurie:  thank you for joining us. come with me
michael:  well, thank you and, and please call – continue to call me mr. scott
laurie:  ok. if you just want to follow me ill take you up to the lounge
michael:  well, i guess this is as far as i can take you guys. so 
andy:  kay
dwight:  good luck, michael
michael:  see you later.
michael:   officers. thank you
laurie:  after you, mr. scott
michael:  thank you
david:  michael
michael:  hello
david:  so glad you could make it
michael:  thank you
david:  how was the ride
michael:  oh. it was awesome. very, very sublime
david:  im glad. i want to introduce you to everyone. first well start with alan brand. alan? ceo. michael scott, branch manager, scranton
alan:  its nice to meet you, michael
michael:  its nice to meet you, too. its an honor and a privilege.
david:  seated, we have the former congressman, chris okeefe
michael:  ah.  your eminence.
registrar:  for those of you with questions, please line up behind one of the four microphones that have been placed in the aisles
dwight:  coming through. che, che, che, che, che, che.  excuse me. excuse me. excuse me. excuse me.  ah. damn it.  wha- okay 
dwight:  i was hoping to lob michael his softball question early. i wanted to swing by the garment district, pick up a few crates of my shirts. i got a shirt guy.
oscar:  can you believe this? the money they spent on this convention hall.  excuse me, miss. i just want to take the stupid board of directors by their necks. this is so simple.
andy:  yeah. well, you should do that. get in line
oscar:  oh, what a great idea and lose my job. no thank you
andy:  look, do you want to be able to tell your grandkids you stood up for yourself during the – americas biggest financial crisis
dwight:  how is he gonna have grandkids?
michael:  you guys ever protect the president
security:  no
michael:  what about madonna? or obama twins? anybody famous
security:  not supposed to talk about it. nelly furtado
alan:  alright, guys. you ready
michael:  rock and roll. 
alan:  dunder mifflin is still a strong company. we are poised to come through this more streamlined and profitable than ever.
michael:   this is not as much fun as i thought it would be
david:  it was fun when we werent on the brink of bankruptcy
michael:   were going bankrupt, you think?  they are really angry
alan:  the shareholders need to empower our leadership –
woman in line:  im just gonna run to the bathroom. will you save my place
man in line:  sure
dwight:  no. you will not
woman in line:  excuse me
dwight:  oh, im sorry. were you raised in a household with no consequences
woman in line:  itll just be a second
dwight:  oh. if onlys and justs were candies and nuts then every day would be erntedankfest.
alan:  … and were confident. there are many things to be optimistic about in dunder mifflins future and one of them is here with us today. michael scott, scranton branch manager
dwight:   yes
alan:  in these uncertain times, michael has managed to maintain steady profits from his scranton branch. we all thank you, michael.  another bright spot in the dunder mifflin landscape, our new waste pulp re-purposing plant in milford. 
jim:  hey, phyllis. are you just getting back from lunch now
phyllis:  bob took me to capellos. we got a little tipsy
jim:  ok. you shouldnt be telling me that stuff and also shouldnt be taking two hour lunches without telling me
phyllis:  oh, its ok. michael doesnt really care about these things
jim:  i care about them and im just as much of a boss as michael.  whats so funny? im a co-manager
stanley:  that doesnt make you a boss
phyllis:  its not like you can fire people or anything
jim:  well – who? how did you? who, who told you this
phyllis:  ryan
stanley:  cant say
phyllis:  sorry. plastered
jim:  ok. who else has heard the rumor that i am not as much in charge as michael?
pam:  stuff gets around. i dont participate
jim:  who here heard it from ryan
kevin:  does and email count
jim:  yes
kevin:  yeah.
jim:  i am just as much of a boss as michael and i can do anything that michael can do. alright?who here believes that i have as much power as michael? 
pam:  i forgot i have to support him no matter what. close one.
oscar:  these questions are bush league
andy:  you should get up and say something. youve got to be true to whats in there.  dont be a wuss.
andy:  ive always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel. in high school i organized a walk out over standardized testing. got over 500 students to just skip the sats. at the last second i chickened out, took it anyway, got a 1220, always regretted it. i feel lachrymose .
david:   believe me everyone is working very hard, working weekends, struggling, trying to right the ship
shareholder:  youre a criminal
michael:  hey, hey, hey. im sorry. these are not criminals. they are nice. they invited me to come here today. they invited me to their hospitality suite where ihad free food and it was delicious. get this. know how nice they are? the sent a stretch limo all the way to pick me up in scranton. thats 
michael:  yes
alan:  quiet! quiet, please! please, quiet! quiet, please. we want to hear your questions.
ryan:  do you love her or do you love the idea of her
creed:  i dont know, man. i just dont know.
jim:  i gotta make an example out of him. should i just fire him
pam:  can you actually fire people
jim:  to be honest, i dont know, but maybe i could just yell at him in front of people.
pam:  well, i cant really imagine you yelling at anyone
jim:  oh, well i yell. youve heard me yell
pam:  oh. ok. ive heard you exclaim. like the time you said, ‘hey, look. we parked over here!
jim:  well, that was apple-picking day and theres no need to yell that day, you know. i was just excited to find the car. perfect end to a perfect day.
pam:  well, youll figure it out.
alan:  ok. were gonna take a 15 minute break and then were gonna answer more questions
michael:   yeah, well, thats not gonna happen. thats not gonna happen. well be back with some answers.  i – ok. i know that youre mad at me and youre mad at all them 
michael:  ok. alright. we are gonna – were gonna go out there during this break and we are gonna come back with a plan. were gonna come back with a plan for you. its a 45 day plan. 45 days to get us back on track.  45 points. its a 45 day/45 point. one point per day. we get the 45 points we are back in business.  and you can take that to the bank.  and limo lady, we are going completely carbon neutral.  i love you, new york!  you. you.
jim:  hey, ryan. hows it going
ryan:   heres the thing. um, ive tried it like five different ways in my head and – oh, got one. um, im such a perfectionist…
jim:  mmm-hmm
ryan:  that id kinda rather not do it all then do a crappy version
jim:  simple data entry, though. so theres really only one way to do it
ryan:  sounds like you have a really specific vision for it. do you wanna maybe just take a whack at it
jim:  you know what
ryan:  what
jim:  i think i know the problem
ryan:  great.
jim:  i think you seem distracted
ryan:  yep, that is a problem
jim:  but, you know what? i came up with something and i think its really gonna help
ryan:  well, im glad youre finally being proactive, jim.
jim:  i am, too. let me show you.
michael:  wow. things are really picking up
o’keefe:  what was that about
michael:  what
alan:  you were supposed to wave
michael:  i did wave. i did a lot more than wave
david:  what are we supposed to tell them now? ok? youve dug us quite a hole.
michael:  we tell them the plan, right?
david:  there is no plan
michael:  heres what were gonna do. the 45 day thing that i outlined, we go with that. day 45, company saved. day 44, go. what do we got? we have 15 minutes
o’keefe:  excuse me
michael:  just whatever comes to mind. shout it out
o’keefe:  who the hell is this guy
michael:  i am the guy who roused that crowd.
david:  yes
michael:  got them on their feet.
david:  yes
michael:  they were so happy down there
david:  yes
alan:  who cares
michael:  ok. alright. well, i know a guy. this mexican guy. he is a math whiz. he knows economics as well as he knows bull fighting and i am going to call in a little favor
david:  no. no. no. no. no. no. dont call anybody, michael
michael:  well, im texting him, so
david:  please do not text anybody, now, michael
michael:  its done. 
michael:  oh. there he is. come on in. come on in. gentleman, i would like you to meet oscar. come on in. dont be shy. this is oscar martinez. oscar, why dont you come over here. let me present you. step up. step up there. oscar is an accountant extraordinaire at the scranton branch and he has a wonderful idea as to how to get us out of this murky, murky situation. take it away. 
jim:  i think this is really gonna help. if you could just hold up here one second.  hey, guys. quick announcement. if i could just have everyones attention.  i just figured you needed a place where you can concentrate and not be bothered by bothering people
ryan:  mmm-hmm
jim:  let me show you what i mean.  your new office. how great is that, right? for a job well done. well, not done.
ryan:  i will, uh, i will do my work right now. i will stay late tonight
jim:  right
ryan:  uh, im very sorry… about everything
jim:   youre a good kid. you know what? it gets bigger once youre in there. enjoy it.
ryan:   is there internet?
oscar:  ummm…
michael:  tell them what you told me. this is genius.
oscar:  o
michael:  tell them about the cash flow and the dumping of properties and – this is all –
oscar:  um.
michael:  its all good. its all good stuff. lay it on them
oscar:  i feel, as does mr. scott, that we are in the best of hands. capable hands
michael:  that wasnt what you were saying to me. he was much more articulate and that was better. much better.
oscar:  i think this has gone very well and i thank you
michael:  o-kay. oh… hey, hey.  what are you doing
oscar:  michael, i didnt ask to come up here
michael:  wow, man. that –
oscar:  what
michael:  that was embarrassing
oscar:  for me.
michael:  for me, too. you embarrassed me.
oscar:  you -
michael:  well, that was a waste of a text. lets get down to brass tacks. i think that we might be in trouble. we dont seem to have a plan so im thinking i go down there. maybe rattle off a few jokes. congressman could follow.
o’keefe:  hes our best manager? wheres the off button on this moron
michael:  uh, im not a moron. time after time my branch leads in sales. i have personally won over 17 dundie awards. so, i am not a moron and i am just trying to help, you know? so… youre the moron.
michael:  
michael:  yes it is a thrill to be honored by ones company. to have the people that you work for stop for a minute and say, ‘wow. great job.that is what it is all about. not the perks. perks? the perks. i could take or leave the perks.limos are for people who make the company money not lose millions and have no plan. so were leaving early. after all, we are the only ones with anything to celebrate.
o’keefe:  he can take the bus. hes had his limo ride.
michael:   oscar! oscar! come on!there he is! there he is! go! go! go! go! go! go! go!scranton! scranton! scranton! dunder mifflin!
alan:  the gentleman in the, uh, glasses
dwight:  dwight schrute, scranton branch. i just want to say that i have been standing in this line all day and if this line is any indication of how this company is being run then we are in big trouble.  thank you. right. i know. and i just want to say that i believe that there are options out there.  a take a number option like they have in a deli. what about line varieties? like an express line for quick comments of ten words or less. they can move much more efficiently. what about ropes along the lines that you can hold on to
alan:  thank you. thank you for your suggestions
dwight:  yeah.
