hotel employee:   vancouver court hotel, how many i help you
michael:  hello vancouver, this is michael scott calling from the united states of america!i have a reservation in your fair city from february 12th to the 19th, first week of the olympics
hotel employee:  well, we are looking forward to having you, so, let me just pull up your information here
michael:  okey doke
hotel employee:  um, i dont seem to have it, sir
michael:  what
dwight:   im not seeing anything under “confirmation.
michael:  no
dwight:  could it be under “affirmation?” cause you have thousands of those
michael:  no.  were trying to look it up right now
dwight:  you did get the e-vite to my barbeque
michael:  um, come on
dwight:  michael
hotel employee:  uh, sir? a lot of people are trying to get last-minute reservations at hotels here for the olympics, but weve been fully booked for months
michael:  well, i have been booked for three years, so you should have that. ive always heard that british columbia is a very nice place, but i am not getting that from this conversation
dwight:  wait, i got it! confirmation code: xv2rdm
hotel employee:  …oh, here it is. yep
michael:  oh
dwight:  thank you
hotel employee:  uh-huh. seven nights in our street-view economy single
michael:  thats it
hotel employee:  yeah, we changed it since it was a while back. i do apologize.
hotel employee:  yeah, how may i help you mr. scott
michael:  alright, i would like to cancel my reservation, please
hotel employee:  there is a cancellation fee for this, sir
michael:  okay, put it on my card.
michael:  today, jo bennett, the ceo from sabre, is coming to see us here for the first time. she bought us sight unseen, like a mail-order bride, so shes gotta be kinda nervous. i mean, are we ugly? are we smart? are we cool? are we too cool? do we speak english?
michael:   why hello
gabe:  this is michael scott, co-regional manager of this branch
michael:  pleasure to meet you, miss bennett
jo:  oh, thats mrs. bennett, sweetheart. my husband and i are divorced, but i kept the “mrs.” just to piss off the new wife. well, lets take a gander around this place
andy:   these sure are pretty dogs
jo:  they love a good crotch
andy:  they sure do
jo:  you should take that as a compliment
andy:  oh, i do
jo:   hello
dwight:  hello
jo:  do you always stay seated when a lady enters the room
dwight:  i am treating you the same as a man, for whom i would also not stand. unless it was the president. or judge judy
jo:  i like that
gabe:  this is accounting
kevin:  hi
jo:  good-looking group
gabe:  over here is meredith palmer and creed bratton
jo:  another couple of heartbreakers. who is this tall drink of sun tea
gabe:  that is jim halpert, he is the co-regional manager of this office
jo:   i thought this guy was the manager
gabe:  oh, he is. hes the co-manager, and thats the other co-manager
jo:  two guys doing one job? we gotta do something about that!
andy:  got some valentines cards for my coworkers and my bro-workers
angela:   no, no
kevin:  what, no candy?
andy:  valentines day, right around the corner. erin and i have been on zero dates. so i got her a valentines day card, but i didnt wanna seem “too eager,” so i got cards for everyone in the whole office to kind of dilute it a little bit.
andy:  : look alive
meredith:  ow! geez, you gave me a paper cut on my throat!
meredith:  yeah, i have this thing about men cutting or threatening to cut my throat. dont try to cut my throat.
michael:  jo, i dont know how things work in florida, which from your description sounds like a colorful, lawless swamp, but here it takes two men to do one job, where in florida it might take one very strong woman to do such a job
jim:  whoa, whoa
michael:  whoa, whoa
jim:  ill take over. um, what were doing here: michael handles more of the “big-picture” stuff, and i handle more of the day-to-day stuff, so together
jo:  yeah. i think i understand
jim:  alright
jo:  each of you is doing half a job
jim:  no
michael:  and sometimes i can hardly handle that
jo:  this is knucklehead talk. im not gonna bite it, you know. you cant give me gravy and tell me its jelly, because gravy aint sweet! is it, jim
jim:  i dont think so
jo:  michael
michael:  forget the question
jo:  i think one of you should return to sales, and the other one be manager
michael:  i humbly accept the management position
jim:  i… why would you just say something like that
michael:  because, well, jim. where im from, two types of folk: those who aint, and those who are knee-high on a grasshopper. which type aint you aint? yall come back now
jim:  do you even know what that means
michael:  yes
jo:  well, im gonna let this marinate. so you can go
jim:  um
jo:  you can go on. shoo!
jo:  im jolene bennett, jo for short. im a breast cancer survivor, close, personal friends with nancy pelosi, and truman capote and i slept with three of the same guys. when i was a little girl, i was terrified to fly, and now i have my own pilots license. i am ceo of sabre international, and i sell the best damn printers and all-in-one machines korea can make. pleased to meet you.
andy:   whoa-oh, traffic jam
erin:  uh-oh, traffic jam on route three
andy:   beep-beep! beeooop-beep
erin:  beep! twenty people dead in a pile-up
andy:  theres blood everywhere! um, i got you a valentines card
erin:   oh, you did? aw, a bird and a dog
andy:  yeah, well its snoopy and woodstock
erin:  you named them
andy:  uh, charles schultz did. i thought it was relevant cause i got you all those birds for christmas, remember
erin:  uh, yeah i do remember.  aw, they love each other
andy:  oh, look at that. they sure do. i hadnt noticed
erin:  wow, it smells really good too
andy:  yeah! its roger federer for men, i sprayed some in there
erin:  andy, whoa! thank you very much
andy:  its got pheromones in it.
jo:  hey
kevin:  hi
jo:   just choosing seats, not getting married. chop, chop little onion
kevin:  jo, theres books in my chair
jo:  thats right, darlin, now youre the proud new owner of a sabre handbook and my autobiography. now, you all must be in a tizzy. i can see it on your faces, i mean, whats going on now? i mean, who owns dunder mifflin? right? i mean, sabre? whats that? some company ive never heard of? down in tallahassee? where is that? near mars
michael:  no, we know. texas
jo:  now dunder mifflin has an arms reach in all these small businesses all over the northeast. now were gonna take that arm, and were gonna start selling printers.
michael:  i could manage my way around that
jo:  theyre the easiest-to-use printers on the market
michael:  i will try to manage my excitement!
michael:  i have been saying the word “manager” a lot, so whenever jo thinks “manager” she thinks of me. camel cigarettes did the same thing with joe camel by making him look like a penis. i cant even go near a cigarette now without thinking of a penis. and vise-versa.
jo:  i think thats it. so were all good!  thanks yall
dwight:   i, uh…
kelly:   oh my god.
kelly:  i guess andy likes me. i never thought of him in that way. but, i guess in most romantic comedies, the guy youre supposed to be with is the one you never thought of in that way. you might have even thought he was annoying or possibly homosexual.
pam:  so, check this out. according to the handbook, you could make more money as a salesman than as a manager. they have all these incentive programs. i ran your numbers from last year
jim:  this is way more than i make now.
jim:  i dont think im gonna miss being manager. you know how some people say theyre not in it for the money? well, with all due respect to this job, i think im definitely in it for the money. and quite honestly, the women.
jim:  hey, you got a second
michael:  sure. you here to tell me that you think i would be a better manager and that you are sorry for being such a jerk
jim:  actually, yeah
michael:  what
jim:  exactly that. i think that you absolutely deserve the manager position more than i do
michael:  what? really
jim:  yeah
michael:  wow!
michael:  la la la, hello oscar
oscar:  michael. reading
michael:  what are you reading
oscar:  the atlantic
michael:  oh, that is my favorite ocean! i love it! i am so happy right now. no! i cant keep it a secret any longer. jim is stepping down to salesman, i am going to be the sole manager once again
oscar:  i should step into sales myself
michael:  why, is there an untapped gay market
oscar:  sabre has no caps on commissions. he can make a lot more money in sales
michael:  …where did you get that information
oscar:  manual
michael:  manuel who?
michael:  well, according to the manual, there is no cap on commissions. i have been hustled.
michael:  son of a bitch.  pardon me
jo:  oh, speak of the devil. we were just talking about you. have a seat
michael:  okay
jo:  now jim here is thinking about taking himself out of the running for being manager
michael:  really? aw, that is so sweet of you! but, i cannot accept, because i have been thinking about it, and i think i wanna go back to sales
jo:  really
jim:  really
michael:  yeah. you can take the man out of the salesman, but you cant take the sales out of salesman
jo:  well, i think youre both being a little too modest
jim:  no, i really, really think michael is better at being manager for so many reasons
michael:  no, i think i would be bad. i would sleep in my office, and i would sexually harass people
jim:  why would you do that
michael:  im turning myself in right now
jo:  you know, michael, you have more experience in sales and management, so im gonna defer to your judgment
michael:  thank you
jo:  i think you  will become the salesman, and congratulations!  youre gonna be the new manager of this branch
michael:  great! thats great. congratulations. have fun signing my commission checks, boss.
pam:   oh, michael marked his heights. hes grown
jim:  mm!
dwight:   bobcat, this is dragon. listen. hes been promoted to sole manager. weve got to step this up. meet me behind the dumpster in ninety seconds.  89… 88…
dwight:  youre twenty minutes late
ryan:   um, i was at another dumpster
dwight:  just admit you lost track of time.
dwight:  ryan and i have been meeting up to work on our diabolical plot against jim. ryan is always late for our meetings. i wish i had a lair.
ryan:  did you see saw
dwight:  of course i seesaw. mose and i seesaw all the time
ryan:  no, uh, the movie. did you see the movie saw
dwight:  oh, yeah. great film. almost as fun as going on a seesaw
ryan:  okay, the reason these movies are so popular, is the element of psychological torment
dwight:  i like where youre going with this. continue
ryan:  could we lure him into an old warehouse or something
dwight:  i have an old barn
ryan:  yes
dwight:  its kinda smelly, but that might be a plus! and then what
ryan:  we do what they did in saw! … i mean, we dont kill him, obviously. i have a mask
dwight:  okay, thats your idea? exactly like in the movie!? that is the most idiotic thing i have ever heard in my life
ryan:  well suggest something else then! dont just
dwight:  hes supposed to cut his leg off? think
ryan:  dont just criticize my idea
dwight:  think
ryan:  you think of something then!
erin:  michael, im worried that, uh, not all your toys are gonna fit on your new desk
michael:  how is that possible
erin:  well, in your old office there were all those ledges and extra space
michael:  no excuses erin, come on! make it happen
erin:  you know, i actually think i should get back to work. jim asked me to do some stuff, and hes manager
michael:  oh, yeah. fine, fine. leave it here. i have to make some sales anyway. who should i call with my magic sales fingers?  michael scott, head of sales
jim:   you gotta do something, man. you cant just sit there.
dwight:  the new it guy. nick
ryan:  nick
dwight:  i think he is the key. hes very trusting, hes looking for friends, he has been given an awesome amount of power, and does not know how to wield it
ryan:  like frodo
dwight:  why dont you just let me handle the tolkien references, okay dumb jock
ryan:  well, i think he can be corrupted. like gollum
dwight:  smeagol was corrupted and became gollum.
dwight:  i might start a diabolical plot against him after this one.
erin:  whos hungry
jim:  what is that
erin:  its ants on a log. michael would always have me bring them in at 2:30 and say “whos hungry?
jim:  oh. im fine. thank you, though
erin:  do you want me to spin you in your chair and make you dizzy
jim:  why would i wanna do that
erin:  its a thinking technique. all the top executives do it. it keeps the brain moving, and a spinning brain is a working brain
jim:  for now, im just gonna go back to work here
erin:  oh sure
jim:  yeah. thank you
erin:  well.
michael:   it will be a pleasure doing business with you. thanks, bye.  i just got a new account for the gentlemans club in carbondale. it is called “curves.” i went by there the other day, saw some of the women walking in. not really my cup of tea. actually, kevin, you might like it
kevin:  nice
dwight:  you know, we really dont announce out loud our sales that much
michael:  why not? its part of the sales experience
dwight:  its not really 1992 anymore
michael:  well, okay…
kelly:   you brighten my day with the sound of your voice, you bring so much laughter and love, youre everything to me, and i was so blessed when god sent you here to me
erin:  geez louise
kelly:  i know, obsessed with me much
erin:  well, everyone got one
kelly:  what did yours say
erin:  friends are worth sharing a doghouse with.
erin:  its no wonder that andy gave kelly such a romantic card. i cant compete with her. that girl can sing, and dance, and gets all of her clothes at the mall. and i feel like such a fool for thinking that andy was only going after one girl, cause andy bernard is a playboy. and, why shouldnt he be? hes got it all.
dwight:  ho-ho. there he is, the it guy. so you discovered the break room
nick:  uh, yep
dwight:  i imagine one of the best things about being an it guy is, you get to know everyones computer passwords
nick:  no, i actually dont
dwight:  listen, i know you have to say that, but we got a little problem here. there is an employee named jim halpert, and he is doing some terrible things, okay? he is molesting people via the internet. and we need to stop him
nick:  i think that you should call the cops
dwight:  no, the cops called us. so im gonna need you to give me the password to jim halperts computer
nick:  i dont know what to tell you, man. im sorry, i just cant give out his password like that
ryan:  nick. we could make things very, very difficult for you
nick:  are you… you threatening me
ryan:  threatening you? no. 
michael:  what is that smell? do you smell that? what is that? like a sulfur deposit under here
pam:  michael, stop
michael:  no, im serious, we dont have to put up… is it the dogs
pam:  michael
michael:  you know what, we dont have to deal with this. i am going to google sulfur maps
dwight:  michael, its phyllis
michael:  no, this is geological
phyllis:  i sent an email out to everyone in this area that this might be a side effect to my new allergy medication im on
michael:  are you kidding me
phyllis:  no
michael:  and you guys are okay with this
dwight:  she sent an email, so
phyllis:  i did
andy:   its not cause of the smell. im just expecting a nosebleed
michael:  oh my god.
kelly:  oh! you scared me
andy:  im sorry, i thought you saw me
kelly:  i didnt see you. and you were there all along.  well, i warmed it up for you so, should be good to go
andy:  cool, thanks
kelly:  bye, andy.
andy:  …that was weird
meredith:  no it aint. we all saw the valentine you gave her
andy:  i dont even know what that card said
meredith:  believe me, if i got that card? wed be in the bathroom doin it right… now.
michael:  hey
jim:  hey
michael:  you know, its funny. i used to stand in here and wish i was out there. now im out there, and i wish i was in here
jim:  well, the grass is always greener
michael:  yeah. except theres no grass out there. its just a farty dirt patch
jim:  well, its what you wanted
michael:  i really need my job back. we made a terrible mistake here
jim:  for the record, i fought this. alright? and now, im not really sure what we do
michael:  we make a poster that says “happy opposite day!” and she sees it on the way out… nah, thats stupid. ugh! i wish we had one of those amnesia flashlights from men in black
jim:  hey, what was that movie where their boss was within earshot and they couldve just gone and talked to her
michael:  lethal weapon
jim:  thats it. i think we should do it the lethal weapon way.
jo:  you two are grown-ass men. what do i have to do, fire you and get two people in here who dont need so much management
michael:  what? what im saying
jim: michaels saying hes better at being manager, and i agree, cause hes a better people person, weirdly
michael:  and weirdly im a good dog person, right guys?  see? they love me
jo:  fine. i dont care which one of you does which job, just stop meeting with me to talk about it
jim:  alright
michael:  alright
jo:   oh, i gotta take this. yep. uh, finish walking my dogs for me. and dont ride em. lotta people try to ride em.
andy:   excuse me? everyone? please check your emails, i just sent you the following message: “coworkers, you may have received a valentine from me. please understand this does not mean that i like you in any way.
phyllis:  you dont even like us as friends
andy:  phyllis, you guys are like my closest friends. i just mean i dont like-like you
oscar:  what are we, five
andy:  “please dont read into this card. yours in professionalism, nard dog.
kelly:   um, why did i just receive a mass email from you that said that you dont like me? do you realize how hard that makes me like you, andy
andy:  its n– that wasnt… i like someone else
kelly:  who
andy:  its not… whether or not, you
kelly:  who, what?
erin:  yeah, i guess andy never liked kelly. how about that?
michael:  oh, it smells good in here
erin:  sure does! okay, we have your space heater, your humidifier, your dehumidifier, your fan, your foot fan, and your food dehydrator
michael:  erin, what about my keyboard?  aw, so good to be home. how about a little bosa nova
erin:  oh! 
pam:   he looks happy
jim:  yep
dwight:  well, well, well. hm. boss for, what was it? oh, four and a half hours? new record. low. previous record? henry rosston. boss for nine years, four months. and he only left because he had family matters to attend to and he  what? michael!
dwight:   i cant help but think that something we did made this possible
ryan:  jim dug his own grave, but maybe we provided the shovel
dwight:  oh temp, i like that. im going to engrave that into a piece of wood. care to celebrate with a drink
ryan:  i would love to.  why not
dwight:  because! martini bars are pretentious. no thank you
ryan:  well, im sorry that i dont want farm boy swill like you do, you know
dwight:  it is not “farm boy swill,” i will show you. it is beet vodka and it is delicious
ryan:  i am not interested in anything i have to make myself!
