andy:  you wanted to see me
michael:  yeah, have a seat
andy:  is it serious? wow.andys a wittle scared
michael:  okay, right there is the problem.there have been reports around the office that you have been talking baby talk
andy:  why would people say that
michael:  i have it on good authority that you said the following. can you read that back to me
andy:  andy have a boo-boo tummy
michael:  mmm-hmm
andy:  would you rather me say “hey guys, my irritable bowel syndrome is flaring up?
michael:  okay
andy:  “crazy diarrhea happening right now?”cause things can get real adult real fast
michael:  you are also on record as saying “wittle-ittle,” “footy-wutties,” “nummies,” “jammies,” “make boom-boom,” “widiculous,” and “wode iwand.
andy:  do i sometimes replace rs with ws? yes.do i sometimes repeat a word to get my point across?well if i do, andys sowwy
michael:  you cant be a baby in the office.it makes me look like i hire babies
andy:  well if i were complaining, a lot of people think your elvis voice is annoying
michael:  okay, who said that
andy:  i dont-just people.for the record, i think its pretty fantastic
michael:   well, thank you… thank you a lot.and for what its worth i think your baby voice is tops
andy:  tank you mr. elwis
michael:   youre welcome, baby.
andy:  dr. tuna, md, i have some terrible news
jim:  wait, are you the patient or the doctor
andy:  the entire office has come down with a pernicious case of the mondays
jim:  wow, what do you put our chances at
andy:  0%, unless we perform an immediate emergency morale transplant, stat
jim:  hmm, sounds risky
andy:  dont worry.there is a surefire cure.employee of the month.every awesome place ive worked has had one.
andy:  bear stearns, lehman brothers, aig, my summer at enron.
jim:  wow, thats not such a bad idea
andy:  great!
jim:  anything else
andy:  nope! 
erin:  frankies dirty joke of the day?theres a bunch of those
michael:  keep
erin:  theres a bunch of sent e-mails that jusy say “delivered.”should i delete all of those
michael:  i want to keep those so i can see what i sent
erin:  thats why you have a “sent mail” folder
michael:  keep
erin:  theres about 30 news alerts for “nip slip.
michael:  for what
erin:  “nip slip.
michael:  oh okay.i dont know how those got on there
erin:  well
michael:  must be hackers
jim:  hey.whats up
michael:  what if i told you i had done the worst thing ever, would you still want to be my friend
jim:  did you murder someone
michael:  worse than that
erin:  oh, my god
michael:  lurk much? i miss pam
jim:  i think shes okay
michael:  is that what were going for now?“okay?”we used to go for “pretty good.
jim:  great.hey, how do you feel about starting an employee of the month program
michael:  yeah, you know what, that actually might make me feel better.im not in this for the trophies, but
jim:  youre not in it at all, because you cant be employee of the month, youre a manager
michael:  well, technically, im a co-manager, and i barely have any responsibilities, but i work hard, i love this company, and for those reasons, i think i would make a good employee of the month
jim:  it would look bad.sorry
michael: it would look good, on my mantle.
andy:  jims talking to michael right now.they totally went for our idea
dwight:  yeah!your idea.
dwight:  my idea.i just need andy to think its his idea.so it wont get traced back to me.in approximately six hours, jim will get a phone call from david wallace.he will be fired.
erin:  hey pam, do you have a sec to check over this inventory
pam:   looks great
erin:  oh, did you really look it over?felt like maybe you didnt
pam:  okay. the michael scott foundation is still in existence
michael:  there you are.i dont think we have finished with my inbox
phyllis:  whats “scotts tots?
stanley:  has it really been ten years?
stanley:   “local businessman pledges college tuition to third graders”
pam:  michael, why did you promise that
michael:  to change lives
pam:  no michael, why would you promise that
michael:  yeah, okay.call the school, cancel.i cant go through with this
erin:  weve already rescheduled seven times
pam:  michael, this is a terrible terrible thing youve done
michael:  well
pam:  its terrible
michael:  no
pam:  just terrible.and the longer you put it off, the worse its going to get.
michael:  i just, i fell in love with those kids.and i didnt want to see them fall victim to the system, so i made them a promise.i told them that if they graduated from high school, i would pay for their college education.ive made some empty promises in my life, but hands down, that was the most generous.
michael:  just tell me it is going to be okay, all right
pam:  no
michael:  im not a bad person, i bring good news.like when i promised those kids id pay for college.okay, all right
pam:  you have to tell them
michael:  would you come with me?you know, like old times, instead of…
erin:  i can print out a new itinerary with pams name on it
pam:  its fine.erin, youre going to go.and youre going to make sure michael tells the truth
michael:  agh, god, you know what, could this day get any worse?
dwight:  hey jimmy, whats up
jim:  not much
dwight:  cool.very cool.i bet if you tried, you could grow the best beard of anyone in this office
jim:   thanks dwight
dwight:  that laugh is so infectious
jim:  youre creeping me out.im gonna go
dwight:  i didnt mean any of those things i just said.and you can expect the same from everyone in this office if you dont nip this whole employee of the month situation in the bud.make it about the work
jim:  let me guess, you think you should get it
dwight:  this encompasses all available data.hours, tardiness, unconfirmed sick days, participation.everyone has been assigned a random number for total fairness and transparency.also, this should be accompanied by a monetary prize
jim:  well, in an ideal world
dwight:  in an ideal world, i would have all ten fingers on my left hand, so my right hand could just be a fist for punching
jim:  okay, if its all the same to you, im just going to take away “survival skills” and “self-defense.
dwight:  im going to run this by toby and accounting and have him assemble the data
jim:  thats okay, ill do it.
mikela:  mr. scott
michael:  hey, mikela lasker, how are you
mikela:  im good
michael:  good to see you.wheres your saxaphone
mikela:  its in the music room, mr. scott
michael:  eigth grade graduation, she gave a rendition of when the saints go marching in that would blow your freaking mind
erin:  wow
michael:  well, you didnt even hear it
mikela:  everyones so excited that youre here today
michael:  oh, good
mikela:  now, i know you probably want to see everyone, but i was wondering if i could ask you some questions first
michael:  sure
erin:   youre famous
mikela:  im sure you remember this place
michael:  oh, yeah
mikela: do you want to go in
michael:  no, not at all.nope, come on.
michael:  oh, you know what?you know what?i shouldnt go in there.im pretty busy, i should just
mikela:  we just want to say thanks
michael:  oh
students:   mr. scott!mr. scott!mr. scott!
teacher:  mr. scott, i know youre a busy man, and your schedule moves around a lot.but through all your generosity through the years, your tots, who are ready to graduate, thought it was time to give you a proper thank you
students:   oh!what?oh! break it down!hey, mr. scott!what you gonna do?what you gonna do, make our dreams come true!hey, mr. scott!what you gonna do?what you gonna do, make our dreams come true!hey, mr. scott!what you gonna do?what you gonna do, make our dreams come true
lefevre:  you came into our lives and made a promise, made us honest, made us realize, we dont need to compromise, cause we can have it all!cause you made it possible, for us to achieve the improbable
students:  hey, mr. scott!what you gonna do?what you gonna do, make our dreams come true
michael:  wow!
dwight:  hey, so jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in
kevin:  hey
dwight:  so jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in a 20 for this whole employee of the month thing
kevin:  jim said that
dwight:  he thought you were doing an incredible job last month
kevin:  jim said that
dwight:  you seem suprised
kevin:  no, no, that makes total sense
dwight:  hey buddy, so every
oscar:  sure. 
dwight:  five minutes ahead of schedule.right on schedule.
teacher:  politicians are always coming around, telling us theyre going to fix our schools, promising this and that.but you, mr. scott, you are actually doing it.you have taught these kids with hard work, that anything is possible.you are a dream maker and i thank you!i thank you, i thank you, i thank you, i thank you!so much.
lefevre:  there were a lot of times over the years where i was pressured to get into the drug game.but i always thought back to my guardian angel, and the gift that you gave me.so i just want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to go to college, educate myself, and become the next president obama
michael:   oh, god.oh, god.
jim:  okay, ladies and gentlemen, welcome.i know youre all very excited, but no matter who gets this, i just want to say that you are all employees of the monthin my eyes.and the winner is, employee number nine.and that is
andy:  number nine, number nine.jim halpert
everyone:  huh?what
oscar:  are you kidding me
dwight:  oh, no
jim:  okay, wait, i was not… i did not
kevin:  i… i… i did not… that was not… how come not
jim:  guys, listen.this was anonymous, all right?there is no way i couldve given it to myself because i didnt even know who was on here.i just gave it to the employee with the highest overall score
angela:  to my tally, you just won back your own parking spot, a vacation day, and a nice, tidy quarter of $1,000 from all of us
jim:  will everybody stop for a second, because obviously im not taking any of it.a mistake has been made and well figure it out.second of all, there was no cash prize
angela:  yes
jim:  dwight
dwight:  yeah, you said “in an ideal world, there would be a cash prize.”isnt that what you said
jim:  no, dwight, i meant… yes, in a perfect world, someone would get money.but
phyllis:  yeah, but in your perfect world, only you get money.
teacher:  lets put your hands together and give a warm welcome for the man of the hour, mr. michael scott
michael:  all right.wow.um, i am never going to forget today.not a chance.i dont think i could ever give back to you what you have given me today.who here has done something stupid in their lives?like skipped out on study hall or mix up the difference between “a” gym and “b” gym, that sort of thing?show of hands, anybody, yes, a bunch of you, okay.well, me too, ive done something stupid which i would like to share.ummm.  should we go
teacher:  oh, no.were okay.its a double perio
michael:  ah.all right.i came here today because i promised you tuition and tuition is very valuable.but you know whats invaluable is intuition.you know what that is?that is the ability to know when something is about to happen.does anybody out there have intuition?know whats gonna happen next?nobody?okay, youre going to make me say it.all right, i am so proud of all of you.derrick, and lefevre, and ben, and ayana, and mikela, and nikki and jason, and… im sorry, okay, sorry spacing, your name
zion:  im zion, im mikelas younger brother
michael:  well zion, i am not going to be paying for your college tuition.which brings me to my main point and that is that i will not be able to pay for anybodys tuition.im so, so sorry.
michael:  im sorry.im sorry.im so sorry
mikela:  you lied to us
michael:  i lied to myself too.im not a millionaire.i thought i would be by the time i was 30, but i wasnt even close.and then i thought maybe by the time i was 40, but by 40, i had less money than when i was 30.maybe by my 50s, i dont know.i wanted to pay for your education.i really did.it was my dream.some people have evil drems, some people have selfish dreams or wet dreams.my dream was in the right place
lefevre:  you owe this to us
michael:  okay, hold on.hold on.now i cant pay for your college.but you dont have to go to class to be in class.online courses are a viable option to a traditional college experience.and the best way to access those courses is with your own personal laptop.  which is rendered useless without batteries, and i have one for each of you
students: 
michael:  hey, hold-hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.theyre lithium.
jim:  look, there was a big mistake obviously, so i will fix it.okay?this was your idea anyway
andy:  correction.it was my idea
jim:  okay.
dwight:  my idea!
creed:  guys, im starting to think pams not really even pregnant
pam: ok, for the record, i am pregnant and, obviously there has been some kind of a mistake, so why doesnt jim just pick the next highest score on the list and well move on
phyllis:  thats fair
dwight:  excellent idea, pam
pam:  thank you
andy:  that would be employee number three, which would be… son of a bitch, pam halpert
phyllis:  how is that possible?no offense pam, but how the hell is that possible
dwight:  there must be some reasonable explanation for this
pam:  no, wait, come on.i didnt miss a day, i came in early, i stayed late, and i doubled my sales last month
andy:  oh, really? from what, two to four?
pam:  yup.
jim:  guys, this isnt some elaborate scam, okay
deliveryman:  hi, i have an order here for a custom cake, jim halpert
jim:  okay.that is me, but i didnt order the cake
kevin:  look who it is!
angela:  “it could only be you!”way to go
dwight:  he knew all along
kelly:  im going to have some cake.
stephanie:  david wallaces office
dwight:   this is kevin malone, is david there
stephanie:  no, hes in his weekly staff meeting, can i take a message
dwight:  tell him im mad at jim, because hes asking us to give money to pam.
dwight:   this is stanley hudson.jim halpert is a menace.
dwight:   its toby flenderson.listen, things are getting really bad down here.
lefevre:  hey, mr. scott
michael:  erin, can you give us a second
lefevre:  that was messed up what you did
michael:  yeah. yeah. i know, i know, i know, im sorry
lefevre:  who does something like that?who promises that to a bunch of kids and then just doesnt come through like that
michael:  what can i do
lefevre:  you can pay for my college
michael:  i can give you an extra laptop battery.not everyone took one.how about this?if you can find a way to pay for your college tuition, let me buy your books, okay
lefevre:  theyre expensive
michael:  yeah, well, i owe you that at least, right
lefevre:  its about $1,000
michael:  really? wow.thats over $200 a year
lefevre:  no, $1,000 each year
michael:  for-okay, okay heres what im gonna do.im going to write 4 checks for $1,000 each.im going to date them one year apart.now, you are to use one check a year.and please call me before you cash the check?cause ive got monies to move around
lefevre:  okay. okay.make it out to my mom, rosa
michael:  thats a lot of zeroes.
jim:  this is jim
david wallace:  jim, what the hell is happening there
jim:  hey, uh david
david:  yes
jim:  so there was a little bit of a miscommunication here today.its been a little wild, uh, but i am on it
david:  just so i understand, you started employee of the month, give it to yourself, then people complain, so you give it to your wife
jim:  no
david:  am i missing something
jim:  i really dont know how it happened, david.
dwight:  i know how it happened.
david:  jim, i bumped you up because i thought you could make my life easier.if you cant do that, were going to have a separate discussion
jim:  all right, it will not happen again.i promise
david:  uh, hey, im sorry.im taking this out on you
dwight:  no
david:  its been crazy here.you know i think youre doing a great job, right
dwight:  what
jim:  yeah.thank you
dwight:  no
david:  okay.hey, we still on for dinner this weekend
dwight:  what
jim:  yes
david:  okay
dwight:  oh, youre kidding me
jim:  see you
dwight:  damn it!
erin:  hey mr. scott, what you gonna do, what you gonna do make our dreams come true.hey mr. scott, what you gonna do
michael:  please stop.15 lives.i destroyed 15 young lives today
erin:  no
michael:  yes
erin:  no, theres financial aid, uh, they could join the army or the navy
michael:  youre what, like, 12
erin:  the principal told me that 90% of scotts tots are on track to graduate, and thats 35% higher than the rest of the school.so i think if you hadnt made that promise, a lot of them wouldve dropped out.which is something to think about, i think
michael:  i think youre doing a great job
erin:  really
michael:  what do you want from this job, provided the company doesnt go out of business
erin:  ive always wondered what it might be like to be an accountant
michael:  really
erin:  yes, but im terrible at math so
michael:  you know, when i hired kevin, he was actually applying for a job in the warehouse
erin:  seriously
michael:  yeah.i just sortve had a feeling about him.i have a feeling about you too
jim:  see you tomorrow, dwight
dwight:  apparently
ryan:  hows it going?good day
dwight: not now, temp
ryan:  um, okay, so, um, listen.i know about your diabolical plan
dwight:  what?diabolical plan?i wouldnt even know how to begin a diabol…
ryan:  i found a copy of it in the copier tray
dwight:  so what do you want
ryan:  i want the same thing you want.i want to take jim halpert down.i want in.
