toby: this here is a radon test kit.  okay i will be putting em everywhere. and… please dont throw these out.  this is a radon test kit.  please dont throw these out.  see them all over the office.
michael: toby has been leaving radon kits everywhere, like he owns the place.the first time i threw mine away, i thought it was an ant trap.  but i figured id rather live with ants than with his creepy little disc.  the second time… i thought it was one of those, you know, those things you turn over and it moos.  like a cow thing. but upon closer examination, it was another ant trap, so i threw it away. and the third time… i did it out of spite. 
michael: pfffffttt
toby: come on, michael. youre interrupting
michael: youre kidding me? god! you say radon is silent, but deadly, and then you expect me not to make farting noises with my mouth? what is this
toby: please sit down
michael: you know what? were not gonna die of radon, were gonna die of boredom
everyone: yeah!
michael: right? and if i had a gun with two bullets and i was in a room with hitler, bin laden, and toby, i would shoot toby twice
everyone: no. no!
jim: thats… not okay
michael: okay, alright
dwight: you were being really funny, and then you went too far
michael: i would kill bin laden and then toby
dwight: no, hmmm… thats still
everyone: mm-mm
michael: okay geniuses, how would you do it
creed: curve the bullet. like in my favorite james mcavoy film, wanted
oscar: all that does is help you shoot around things. what does bin laden
ryan: is there a curtain rod in the room
michael: i dont know
stanley: how about make-believe land has anything you want
jim: stanley, please, this is serious
angela: is this the thing where they use an icicle so theres no evidence
michael: yes, we stab toby through the heart with an icicle
dwight: come on, the whole two bullet thing is a red herring. heres how you do it:you line them all up, you take one bullet, shoot them all through the throat at the same time. watch this.  phyllis, youre hitler. come up here. toby, youre toby. andy, youre bin laden. line up, throats together
toby: i dont wanna do this
michael:  toby, just do it! god
dwight: toby, come on.
dwight: ready, one bullet. and boom!
everyone: yeah, that works. that works
michael: good work. 
pam: what flavors did you get?
erin: its so exciting pam. the eagles are doing a theme of ice creams in honor of turning 60
pam:  despera-dough. witchy-womanilla. why do they do this
erin: do you want me to go back to the store
pam: no, no, no, its fine. i was just commenting. we gotta get these out, open em up.
erin: this is all for michael. it turns out his girlfriend was married
pam: yeah, and when michael gets a broken heart, this whole place comes to a halt, so were just trying to get out in front of this
erin: after his last breakup, he ate 40,000 calories in three hours. right, pam? thats what pam told me
pam:  yeah, or no… well… i dont know. im sorry. i was up all night with cece, otherwise id be running this
erin: thats okay. you probably shouldnt keep a baby up that late, though.
erin: we have mr. bean playing in the conference room and the pink panther movie in his office. with half hour shifts to watch it with him
pam: and we need bodies in both these rooms, people. so please sign up
erin: hes coming
pam: oh, okay. everyone, remember, when he gets like this, he will wallow, if you empathize. keep conversations light and if you get stuck, and you dont know what to do, make a random sound effect okay? farting noise, whatever. okay
toby:  hey everyone
pam: no, out! get out now! leave now.
dwight: leave, get outta here
pam: leave
dwight: right now
pam: oh, and if he makes a joke, just laugh it up, no matter what. okay
michael:  morning everyone
everyone: hey!  hey, hey
erin: hi michael.
michael: hello
dwight: michael, nice tie or something
michael: oh, thank you. its reversible, i think.
kevin: thats hilarious
pam: thats awesome. you want some ice cream
michael: oh! oh wow, are those eagles flavors? cake it to the limit. thats my favorite! i love that! too much for me to have by myself. anybody wanna share
kevin: boi-oi-oi-in
michael: okay. well… thats random. i will dig into those later.
lawyer: i dont follow this exactly. uh, “the descendants of any replicants from this union shall have…
lawyer: are we talking about your grandchildren
angela: no
dwight: no.
angela: rather than spend all day in court, weve decided to settle our dispute using a mediator. it was an option spelled out in our childrearing contract.
dwight: alleged contract
angela: alleged? im going to own your farm by the time this is over
dwight: just try. i will do legal jujitsu on you. gyah!  see, dont even need to make contact. the law will do it.
dwight: so much of this is just impossible to verify. item five, point “b”, uh… the beet juice cleanse
angela: im doing it. you know i am. its disgusting
dwight: how do we know this? id like to see a stool sample
angela: dwight, look at my teeth.
dwight: eughh. 
andy: no secret crying. hasnt even opened the tissue box in there
pam: could he still be seeing her
phyllis: i dont think hed do that
jim: so were gonna say the most likely scenerio is that michael matured overnight
andy: well, it happened to tom hanks in big
jim: exactly. it happened in big.
michael: no, i gotta go. text me later
jim: im really too tired to do this
pam: me too
jim: then lets just not do this. do you have any idea the risks involved
pam: hey michael
michael: hey
pam: we were wondering if you would like to have dinner with us tonight, in our home, and play with our baby
jim: we can order in from hooters
michael: oh, hooters to go. nice
pam: we can watch a movie and play rock band
jim: billy joel rock band
michael: that… exists
pam: yes
michael: okay, well, ill have to take a rain check, but thanks for the offer
pam:  michael scott, are you still seeing donna
michael: okay, pam… shes not invisible so stop asking silly questions
phyllis: oh michael
michael: since when is this an office where we delve into each others personal lives?
michael: i like donna. is it wrong to keep seeing her? depends on who you ask. i mean, if you ask her husband… or you took a random poll, yeah, its wrong.
meredith: that is something i would never do
michael: well, i think we all know what youre capable of meredith
meredith: hey, i have never cheated on, been cheated on, or been used to cheat with.
meredith: i ask… everyone in the room, “are you in a relationship?”.
michael: people, this is scranton. and many people consider that to be the paris of northeastern pennsylvania. and in paris, it is rude for a woman to have less than four lovers
kelly: eughh, ryan, i do not want you hanging around michael anymore
ryan: okay
michael: i will have you know that i asked donna about this and she is fine with it. and just to be sure, i asked her again afterward. same answer
andy: how does he feel about it?
michael: he is never gonna find out. he is a high school baseball coach. he wakes up early. he goes to bed early. look at how long it took for him to find out.  it was right under his nose. i had to tell him
jim: now youre just being hurtful
michael: im sorry, it… why is it okay for stanley to cheat or for phyllis to cheat
phyllis: hey
michael: on her diet! hes a sports guy. hes scummy. dogfighting. drugs. they spit
andy: did donna tell you that
michael: real sports with bryant gumble
andy: so youre just making a giant assumption. you dont even know the guy
michael: you know what? you know what? i am declaring a moment of silence right now. ten minutes of silence honoring michael jackson. just sit there and think about michael jackson.
andy: my name is andy bernard and i am a cuckold. for those of you unfamiliar with william shakespeare, a cuckold is a man whose woman is cheating on him. ive lived the part. and let me tell you, id so much rather play the part on stage.
andy: so… heres the thing about infidelity
michael: mm, no, when are you people going to stop casting the first stone? i am not in the wrong here. i am the good guy.
andy: how does that work
michael: do you think this husband is a super sweet nice guy? do you think hes an angel? i dont think so. why is his wife going off and having a little something-something with me? there has to be a problem with him.
andy: in any cheating movie, the person getting cheated on is the hero. youre ali larter, im beyonce
michael: i am beyonce always
andy: not this time
michael: yes, i am
andy: this guys a high school baseball coach, right? lets go check him out, see what a horrible person he is.
michael: i would love that
andy: yeah. those teams have games and practices every day. lets go check it out.
michael: i have work to do.
andy: oh, really? i thought you were the boss.
michael: lets go.  i cant wait to see this jerk who is making me cheat on his wife. i should punch him in the nose for what hes making me do to her.
andy:  bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bu
michael: all right, andy, please.
andy: baseball
michael: shh! try not to draw attention, please. thats him. thats him
andy: where
michael: right there. the coach
andy: stage right or stage left? i played batboy in damn yankees
michael: right there. look, look. follow my finger. okay? see? the grownup by the base?
andy:  and now, coaching third base with two arms, two legs, and no heart. capable of feeling pain.
michael: all right. can you just– can you just act normal for a second, please
andy: whatever. im the one blending in.
gabe:  guys
jim: pam
pam: mm. hey. oh, hi, gabe
gabe: can you two please join me in my office? now
pam: you were supposed to be the lookout
jim: yeah, well its really warm in here. its like a sleeping bag.
gabe: i dont wanna be the heavy here, but honestly, guys, this makes us all look bad.
jim: sorry about that.
pam: so embarrassing
gabe: good. okay. end of the dressing down. i just hate that part of the job, you know, the power dynamics.
jim: well, you were surprisingly restrained.
pam: we will be well-rested tomorrow
gabe: okay. thats great, actually, because i wanted to talk to you about something else
jim: excellent. go for it.
gabe: im sure you got my email about the printer fires. the one with the branching decision tree? i actually designed that chart. kinda hoping it catches on.  anyway, the question is, what is the best way to disseminate important information in an efficient way
jim: right? so, uh, lets uh…
lawyer: finally theres a provision here in the occurrence that the child is born an old man, a la benjamin button
angela: same page. go to the next one
dwight: same page. just keep moving
lawyer: despite the provision covering whether this is all part of the matrix
dwight: which we cant know
lawyer: this is essentially
dwight: unless were unplugged
lawyer: equivalent to a donor or surrogate contractor
dwight: and wake up in the future
lawyer: which is actually pretty common. so i have to tell you that this is a solid contract
dwight: what
lawyer: look, i cant enforce that anybody have a child with anyone else
angela: what
lawyer: so essentially, this comes down to damages. now, there is some precedence for the range of $30,000
dwight: what?
dwight: i dont have $30,000 lying around. i have it buried very deeply, and i dont want to dig past a certain someone to get it.
andy: chase dixon is up. could be a big play
michael: you have no idea what youre talking about
andy: i know its like cricket
michael: you dont. no, no
andy: and its–theres– well, home plate is like a wicket
michael: you dont know. you dont– you dont know anything. look at him. look at him over there. high-fiving? he didnt even do anything. kid did all the work. i bet he does that at home. i bet its like, “hey, donna, why dont you wash the dishes?” “high-five, donna.” “hey, why dont you bring me my slippers?” “hi-five. im taking all the credit.
andy: seems pretty well liked by the team
michael: okay, well, thats because hes paying their salary.
andy: you do know that high school coaches dont pay their players
michael: i know, i know, i know. it–im–it– that was a euphemism.
dwight: $30,000? theres gotta be another way.
angela: he has a 60-acre beet farm that is worth a small fortune
dwight: look, i will not pay
angela: well, i have an alternative
dwight: “intercourse to completion. five individual times rendered at my discretion?
lawyer: look, i dont think thats actually legal
dwight: agreed. 
dwight: five times for $30,000? not a bad stud fee. better than most horses.
dwight: but not in your bed. its lumpy.
angela: those lumps are cats, and those cats have names, and those names are ember, milky way, diane, and lumpy
dwight: fine. five times.
lawyer: look, i cant legally watch this unfold. its coming a little dangerously close to prostitution
angela: i want eye contact
dwight: no
angela: yes.
dwight: do you understand how rare is that in nature
angela: im not some farm animal. 
andy: great game, coach
michael: shh! okay, all right. dont, dont
andy: you guys are awesome! best game ive ever seen in my life
shane: yeah, right. you must be rootin for the other guys
andy: ha. the other guys can go die
michael:  okay
andy: baseball! go talk to him.
michael: no. god. you go talk to him.
shane: lets go
andy: shane. great game man
shane: do i know you
andy: no. uh, just big fans. both of us
shane: are you somebodys… parents? oh, are you guys… kennys dads
andy: ha. no. no. but were gay for baseball.
shane: okay
andy: but i have a wife, actually, who i really love a lot.
shane: okay. lets go!
andy: yeah. i am so into the institution of marriage.
shane: whoa
andy: i mean, isnt marriage the best, you know? two good people finding each other, getting all committed to each other. so you love baseball. what else do you love? lets round you out as a person.
shane: hey, im really sorry, im just trying to… focus here on the game.
andy: i get it, man. i love it. thats what makes you a good coach. you know, but as a fan, it just helps me enjoy the game better if i know the coach loves his wife.
shane: of course. okay? i gotta… get back to this.
andy: of course
shane: all right
andy: but real quick, i want you to meet my associate. sheldon
michael: no, no, no.
andy: come on, get over here
michael: im good. oh, my god.
andy: get- get over here. sheldon, say hi to the nice coach
michael: sorry. i got some stomach cramps
shane: its all right. its all right. keep it going.
michael: well, that was not at all what i expected. hoo hoo! whoo. my hearts still racing. i just looked a man in the eyes and i shook his hand. all the time i was thinking, “im sleeping with your wife.” and you know who does that? james freakin bond.
michael: okay, orange slices. there ya go.
erin: thanks, michael
michael: dont thank me. thank dylans mom. here you go! oh! ooh hoo hoo hoo hoo
oscar: why would you throw something wet at me
michael: you love it. there ya go.
jim: now, were those for the team
michael: uh, no, they didnt say team. they just said coal hawks.
jim: ah
pam: i dont think those were yours to take.
michael: well, then it wouldnt be the first time i stole something away from coach shane.
andy: i just wanna go on record as saying that i do not condone this affair, and i went so far as to force michael to confront the victim of his behavior.
pam: did you talk to him
michael: i did
pam: you talked to the man whose wife youre having an affair with.
kevin: wow. that is crazy.
phyllis: was there a fistfight?
michael: no. we just talked. hes very nice.
phyllis: and it didnt change your mind.
michael: it did not.
phyllis: michael, thats awful.
michael: isnt it
phyllis: yes
michael: im awful, arent i?
kevin: yeah. thats pretty bad.
michael: im an awful guy! ooh
oscar: how can you live with yourself
michael: i am what i am, oscar. and i want what i want. and right now, i want a piece of cake. from now on, when im hungry, i am going to eat whatever i am hungry for.
kevin: that is a dangerous game, friendo.
kelly: well, because i thought that it was a book about anthropology the store.
ryan: i dont know why you were in that part of the bookstore.
kelly: ‘cause its next to they baby section, okay
ryan: all right, that makes more sense. you should have said that at the beginning when you said, “i read a book about anthropology.
kelly: i dont really know why youre screaming at me right now
ryan: im not scream– im not screaming.
kelly: thats merediths cake. its her birthday
michael: i dont care. i have an appetite for life!  mmm. mmm! oh, god. thats lemon
ryan: good for you, man. good for you.
ryan: he takes what he wants.
ryan: you know what? i think youre attractive, and i wanna sleep with you.
erin: what about kelly
ryan: you read my mind.
erin:  is this a joke
ryan: yep.
ryan: its hard to live that way man. you gotta really not care what people think about you. i-i dont know how you do it, michael, i-i-i cant be that cold
michael: youll learn, baby. youll learn.
dwight:  i am an honorable man, and i will honor the contract. but i dont have to give her the good stuff. schrute sperm are strong,  but theyre no match for a grown schrute man.    lets see what she gets.   aah!
creed:  uh, boss, were out of paper
michael: yeah, i noticed that.
creed: are you gonna add any more
michael: nope.
creed: he dont give an “f” about nothin!
michael: i have got big balls.
pam: i dont think im gonna make it
jim:  what about an energy drink or something
pam:  it gets in the breast milk. if i drink it, cece drinks it six hours later
jim: well, it doesnt mean i cant drink it
pam: well, it does and it doesnt
darryl: probably shouldnt tell you this, but a lotta guys in the warehouse work multiple jobs, so… we have a place
jim: a place
darryl: a restful location. talk to glen. hell take you up in the lift
pam: you sleep in the warehouse
darryl: lightbulbs burnt out, so its dark. and the heat from the backup generator keeps it nice and warm. sometimes i think about it when im trying to fall asleep at home. but as far as the rest of the office goes, it doesnt exist, okay
jim: okay
darryl: pam
pam: okay.
phyllis: for your signature.
michael: okay.  phyllis. okay. look at me.  phyllis, look at–  okay, thats…  all right, all right. you know what? im sick of this. im sick of the little disapproving head shakes. if you think thats going to have any effect on me, it will not. i am going to leave right now and go to a motel to meet donna
kevin: why not your condo
michael: because a motel is dirty and it is sexy. like me. and like donna. and frankly, the stuff that were into isnt very condo-appropriate
stanley: oh, michael, will you drop it? everybodys spoken their mind, and no ones changing their mind
michael: okay, morgan freeman-narrating-everything
andy: do you want someone to stop you? ‘cause no ones going to
michael: nobody better try to stop me. good.
dwight: i could have stopped him.
dwight: are you warmed up?
angela: no
dwight: god, angela, why is that always my responsibility?
angela: what did you do to yourself?
dwight: never mind. just never mind.
angela: well, it better work
dwight: oh, itll work.  mm. stop kissing me. its not in the contract.
michael:  how do i feel about breaking up with donna? good. moral. i feel proud.  like a grownup. that was not easy because i really liked her a lot. and im a little bit emotional right now because i know that i absolutely made the right decision.  at the end of the day, we have to do whats right. and it was either living with myself or… being happy. and i picked… the… former.
reporter: michael scott
michael: yes
reporter: do you wanna make a comment on the rumors
michael:  umm… i have done some very bad things, things of which i am not proud. i would like to publicly apologize to… the coach and the players. and i vow to never listen to my bodily instincts ever again
reporter: im talking about the sabre printers that catch on fire
michael: oh. okay. i was talking about… what do– what? whats going on?
