cookie monster:   oscar, toby said he left my girl scout cookies on my chair. have you seen them? wait im sitting on them.
andy:  this is awesome
oscar:  thank you. it didnt even take that long
cookie monster:   whats the difference between a chimichanga,  a chalupa, and a tostada? call me back asap. its urgent
kevin:  this isnt funny. i dont talk like that.
phyllis:  say “me eat cookie.
kevin:  no. i wont say it
dwight:  why is everyone clumped around accounting? break it up, you clique
ryan:  its kevin as cookie monster from sesame street
dwight:   is that the program where all those puppets live in the barrio
phyllis:  mm-hmm
dwight:  i love that show
cookie monster:   this is kevin. this is kevin
ryan:  good work, buddy
oscar:  thank you
dwight:  that is an amusing link. id like it sent to me, please
oscar:  yes
kelly:  me, too oscar
ryan:  c.c. m
kevin:  angela, this is inappropriate
angela:  this is my favorite day.
andy:  its secretarys day. and it is erins and my three-week anniversary. so perfect storm for a romantic gesture. . want to make sure the whole office remembers its secretarys day. i sent an e-mail blast, a text blast, a good, old-fashioned talk blast. i sent a snail mail blast a week ago.and a stern reminder via fax at 7:00 this morning, so people better step up and appreciate the crap out of erin.
meredith:  here you go
erin:  oh, thank you
andy:  i do
dwight: 
erin:  thank you.
andy:  if it wasnt for secretaries, i wouldnt have a stepmom.
erin:   welcome back!
pam:  hey, thanks.
pam:  its my first day back after maternity leave. and i miss cece, of course. but we need the money. what was maternity leave like? oh, how do i explain it?… it rocked. it rocked my ass off.
pam:   oh. you couldnt have watered it
jim:  i literally did not know that existed until this moment.
dwight:  well, i knew it existed, and i chose to let it die
pam:  its nice to see you again, dwight
dwight.:  hello, pam.
andy:   i was just wondering what you had planned for secretarys day
michael:  im going to give erin $15
erin:  i know that erin would be so psyched if you took her out to lunch
michael:  a one-on-one lunch with erin
andy:  yeah. she really looks up to you. and theres only so much we can do as her coworkers. secretarys day is really kind of a boss-secretary thing. 
michael:  shes kind of a rube
andy:   thats my girlfriend youre talking about
michael:  okay. all right. all right. okay. ill take her to lunch
andy:   shes gonna be so psyched.
michael:   hi, erin. happy secretarys day.
erin:  well, happy bosss day. there wouldnt be a secretary if there was no boss
michael:  i wanted to know what your plans for lunch were because i was hoping to ask you to… lunch
erin:  i got a picture of you asking me to lunch. i was thinking we could go to hayworths.
michael:  ugh
erin:  just the two of us
michael:  well, hayworths is more business casual, and they always screw up your order. so im
erin:  yeah, okay. yeah that was a stupid suggestion. i was thinking someplace special, so i though hayworths, but
michael:  okay, well, well figure something.
erin:  oh
michael:   okay, lets go to hayworths
erin:   okay
michael:  all right.
meredith:   have a cookie, kev
kevin:  yeah, haha. tray of cookies. im not falling for that.
darryl:  i brought those in. its my birthday.thats some stone-cold narcissism right there
kevin:  man, darryl, im sorry.  happy birthday
darryl:  thank you.
darryl:   yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
kevin:  theyre making fun of cookie monster. i get that. but in a strange way, it feels like theyre making fun of me.
kevin:   oscar, did you eat some of my m&amp;ms? the level
gabe:  this is violent and offensive
kevin:  thank you.  it really makes me self-conscious about my voice
gabe:  its awful.
kevin:  im not crying
gabe:  you have some food on your face
kevin:   do my hands feel sweaty to you? 
gabe:  the beginning here has been a little bit of a fiasco. either they dont respect me or they respect me too much. and some of them still think that im the i.t. guy. this cookie monster thing is an opportunity to show people that im an authority figure.
gabe:  hello, everyone. if i might have a moment of your time. its come to my attention that people have been watching and laughing at a hurtful parody video. it is now forbidden to talk, joke about, or e-mail this around.
kevin:  yeah
gabe:  and thats straight from corporate. so not to be scary, but yeah, i would listen to me. and thats all. ciao.
michael:   would you mind if i listen to my book on tape? im kind of a bookworm. this is the novelization of the movie precious based on the book push by sapphire.
erin:  i was thinking it would be fun to talk on the way over. so what decade would you have chosen to be a teenager
michael:   i dont know.
erin:  i would have chosen the 1490s.
michael:  ahhh
erin:  ‘cause america was discovered.
michael:  right. 
erin:   and then my last job was at a taco bell express. but then it became a full taco bell, and i dont know, i couldnt keep up. my favorite part about being a receptionist is that i get to have my own desk. in my foster home i never had a desk. . so its like… i dont mean that i didnt like my foster home. i did like it. i just didnt have a desk there. did you have a favorite age? or month?
michael:  an age or month
erin:  yeah, like a favorite month. like i like april when i was seven.
michael:  ive been trying. ive been trying to keep it going. erin is just weird.
erin:  how many pillows do you sleep on at night
michael:  so how are things going with andy
erin:  hes the best boyfriend in the world. tell me about him before i met him
michael:  well, lets see. um… andy. plays the banjo
erin:  yeah i love that
michael:  other than the fact that he dated angela, i dont think he is a snappy dresser
erin:  what
michael:  i dont think he is the best dresser.reminds me of easter
erin:  sorry. about angela? did you say he dated angela
michael:  mm-hmm. you didnt know that? oh
michael:  okay
erin:  why wouldnt he tell me that
michael:  i dont know. probably didnt want you to have a mental image of him having sex with somebody else.
erin:  they had sex
michael:  they were engaged, so…  okay, you know what, sir
michael:  yeah, i asked for pickles with my burger. and there are only, like five or six. could i get some more pickles
michael:  thank you
erin:  uhhhh, they were engaged
michael:  mm-hmm. yeah
erin:   uh-oh
michael:  well
erin: 
michael:  what are you doing? what are you doing
erin:  in the foster home, my hair was my room.
michael:  okay, okay. you know what? you know what? you know what? everybodys looking at you right now.
erin: 
michael:   ill have what shes having!
michael:   did you have a… did you like your lunch? did you have a good lunch? did you like that? did you enjoy your food? it was good. i liked my lunch.
pam:   ooh. ah-ah-ah. ha-ha.
jim:  whats up
dwight:  her milk is coming in. shes getting uncomfortable
jim:  dwight, dont be gross.
pam:  no, no, hes right.
dwight:  same thing happens with my cows if i dont tend them frequently enough. you gotta milk them, or else theyll moo like crazy.
pam:  thats weird, my breast pump is missing. have you seen my breast pump?
dwight:   all right, this is gonna traumatize me a hell of a lot more than you, believe me
pam:  you know what, dwight? let me just check the bathroom first. okay
dwight:  really? fine. let your breasts explode. three squeezes and i would drain you.
pam:  mm.  meredith
meredith:  i just like the way it feels
pam:  what are you doing?
meredith:  just relax. okay
pam:  relax?
meredith:  this is like the cadillac of pumps
pam:  give it back to me now
meredith:  okay, i was just warming it up
pam:  its disgusting
meredith:  its not a big deal
pam:  its not sterile
meredith:  were both girls. who cares?
andy:  so… how was lunch
erin:  lunch was fine
andy:  was it everything that you hoped and dreamed it might be
erin:  i dont know. it was lunch, andy.
andy:  well, i know.  just want… i mean… 
oscar:  erin? i think were out of fax cover sheets.
erin:  god, oscar, will you keep your pants on? its easy.
kelly:   “my name is kevin, im an accountant.” see i did the voice
ryan:  thats a little derivative
kelly:  but parody is always derivative.
ryan:  uh, its not organic. do you know what i mean
pam:  jim does a really good one. do yours
jim:  oh, guys. i really refuse to participate. “michael, can i have an advance on my paycheck because a mrs. fields cookie just opened up at the mall.”
gabe:  guys, why dont we leave the parodies to the pros at mad tv
jim:  “sorry, gabe, but that show hasnt been on in many cookies.
gabe:  ok
andy:  hey. can i have your attention please? first of all, thanks to everyone for helping put this awesome party together. and a very special shout-out to the chair of the party planning committee, miss angela martin. you have outdone yourself
michael:  you know what, i think we can all agree that angelas not so great, so.
andy:  i am saying the exact opposite. angela is fantastic
michael:  no. no. no.
andy:  specific shout-out.
michael:  stop talking
andy:  ok. as some of you may know, i have a very special connection with secretarys day in the form of that 115 pound moonbeam over there named erin hannon. to a lot of you she may just be the person who brings you your fax comformations. but to me, she is my girlfriend… in addition to being the person who brings me my fax comformations. so i wrote  a little ditty. that i would like to play for all of you right now. its a little tune called secretary of love. a one, a two, a one, two, three.
erin:   i know about angela! i know that you were engaged to her and that you were sleeping with her! michael told me
michael:  oh god
andy:  can we talk about this in private
erin:  i dont want to be in private. is it true or is it not
andy:  yes
erin:  who else did you sleep with? did you sleep with phyllis or kelly or pam? maybe all together
pam:  no, no never
erin:  did everyone know? was i the only one who didnt know
dwight:  yeah pretty much
erin:  who are you?! i dont know you! 
gabe:  i should probably get involved in this, but i think my energy is better spent on the cookie monster issue.
kevin:  erin, you know, if i had been engaged to anyone before you, i wouldve told you.
erin:  thanks
kevin:  so if you need anything, im right over there.
pam:   “hey, erin, you look delicious. i mean, beautiful.
gabe:  ok. ok there. i heard that. so im sorry, pam, but thats it. im going to have to suspend you without pay for two days
pam:  what? what do you mean, suspend me
jim:  i think you need to go a little easy. you cant just suspend someone form work
gabe:  yeah, youre right. you know what? um, youre suspended too jim.  ok fine. you too dwight
dwight:  wait, what? i was just slow-clapping your no-nonsense decision-making
gabe:  i dont want to hear it. suspended
kevin:  “c” is for suspension.
andy:  why would that be something to talk about on secretarys day
michael:  andy, shes not the easiest person in the world to have a conversation with. all right? and besides, who doesnt tell their girlfriend that they were engaged to someone who works four feet away from them? thats like.. thats like mr. and mrs. smith crap
andy:  i was going to tell her, just on my own time
michael:  you know what, i resent the implication that i would keep that secret. everyone here knows that i cant and wont keep a secret.
andy:  who cares? i mean its not like i killed someone. big deal right? this can blow over in two seconds. she never asked me. so, if you think about it… i probably should have told her i guess. everybody does stupid things.
angela:  psst. hey. erin
erin:  you want to talk to me, come to my desk
angela:  you embarrassed me earlier.
erin:  oh. take it up with the chief of police
angela:  you think i want people remembering i had sensual relations with andy? its the kind of thing you wish you could have annulled. i want to throw up just thinking about it
erin:  i want to throw up just thinking about it.
angela:  you are throwing up for the wrong reasons
toby:   i dont think this fax is going through. is there a different… i can just put it through again, you know.
pam:  hey. you know i was engaged before jim
erin:  really
pam:  yeah. and he worked here too
erin:  it was andy, wasnt it
pam:  no, no it wasnt andy. it wasnt. it doesnt matter. its not about who youve been with. its about who you end up with. sometimes the heart doesnt know what it wants until it finds what it wants
erin:  i hope you find what youre looking for
pam:  thank you. 
gabe:   so i can reprimand them but i cant suspend them. oh i cant do either. uh huh. fair enough.
pam:   hey toby
toby:  i called tallahassee. he can ask you not to come in, but he cant dock your pay. thats not legal
pam:  very interesting
toby:  yeah, i also learned some interesting things about how they structure
pam:   thanks toby
gabe:  hey everyone. hi. quite an afternoon, huh? cathartic in a way. im glad i got to share it with you. it makes you think about whats really important.  its not about showing youre in charge or flexing some sort of authority. its about forgiveness. and yes, im talking about you three in this desk clump right here. i think that, if you were to apologize to me, then i would revoke your suspension.
pam:  i dont think an apology is enough. i really think the only way for me to learn my lesson is to take my suspension.
jim:  and i got to take this bad attitude, and i got to go home, and i got to adjust it. and i hope the suspension does that.
dwight:   prideful idiots. watch how its done.  gabriel, i apologize
gabe:  great.
dwight:   i kneel before you
gabe:  guys, i would even take a contrite look as an apology.
dwight:  humbly taking your hand upon which i kiss to show my contrition.
gabe:   guys, to err is human. 
erin:  trust is the most important thing to me. is your name andy bernard? whats your real name? lionel frankenstein
andy:  will you stop walking for one second? thats it. theres no other secrets. ok? i mean yeah, my chest is not naturally hairless, and my parents pay my credit card bill
erin:  how long were you guys together
andy:  a year
erin:  a year? you were together for a year
andy:  yeah but thats it. now you know everything about me. i promise. and if i think of anything else
erin:  i think i have to be on my own for a little bit. like the girl precious in precious. based on the novel push by sapphire. ok
andy:  i didnt see that movie.
gabe:   that was ugly. im sorry you had to see that
kelly:  do they still get paid
gabe:  its tacky to discuss finances. its best to pretend that this never happened
oscar:  sounds like they just got to go home with pay
meredith:  pathetic
gabe:  can i buy everyone coffees?   “or cookies.
dwight:  what was that? are you kidding me? was that an impression
gabe:  alright
kevin:   uh guys, im now going to apologize for the mess that were in because corporate told me to. i just want you to know that i laugh like a crazy person.
gabe:  you got to be able to laugh at yourself. im one of the gang.
dwight:  “i have to go back to the zoo to the stick insect exhibit.
kevin:  “ciao” right? “ciao. i say ciao because im fancy from tallahassee.
gabe:  why dont we say ciao to the impressions? 
erin: 
michael:  erin
erin:  oh. sorry i thought everyone was gone
michael:  no, no, i was just watching cookie monster. it finally downloaded. mind if i sit down
erin:  i cant trust andy anymore
michael:  oh. yep. im sorry about that. i feel… im sorry i caused that thing.
erin:  its andys fault.
michael:  well, yeah, yes. but i still feel sorry. you know what, i wouldnt worry about angela. she doesnt hold a candle to you, erin. shes old enough to be your mom for one thing. and shes, like, three feet tall. and she wears pioneer women clothing. and i dont think shes ever pooped in her life. and andy, you know, come on. andy, his butt looks big in those khakis.
erin:  oh, i like his butt
michael:  you said butt
erin:  you tricked me
michael:  ahh! you said it! you know who you would love? oh, this guy in my neighborhood, tom dizemore. this is him: “hey! hey scott!”
andy:  sometimes telling someone something is hard. well, at least someone made her happy on secretarys day.
kevin:  i made the most brilliant retaliation video. its awesome.
phyllis:  i dont get it
jim:  yeah, i mean, the count has a very distinct voice
pam:  yeah. “i vant to count to ten”
kevin:  but oscar is an accountant, and the count counts numbers
kelly:  but youre an accountant too
oscar:  why didnt you do oscar the grouch
pam:  that would have been funny
kevin:  but the count is purple and oscar wears purple.
michael:   oh, oh, i was just watching that. did you do that, man? “oscar. i am the count.” nailed him. nailed him.  good work cookie monster
kevin:  thank you.
