michael:  buenos dias, erin
erin:  buenos dias, miguel.  hello, dunder-mifflin
michael:  no, no, no, no. solamente en espanol, por favor.
michael:  i believe that every man, woman, and child in this country should learn how to speak spanish. they are our neighbors to the south, and this would be a healing thing for… for all of north america. and… i am going on vacation next week to cancun.
michael:  buenos dias, jaime
jim:  buenos dias, miguel. como estas? bien? claro que si! yo estoy fantastico. que pasa?
michael:  ha ha! buenos dias, dwight
dwight:  guten tag, herr michael.
dwight:  i dont understand why michael is wasting his time with spanish. i have it on very good authority that within 20 years, everyone will be speaking german. or a chinese-german hybrid.
michael:  la telefona
oscar:  el telefono.
oscar:  michaels having a hard time with the gender part of spanish. so i told him to mark everything with the international symbol for gender. and, um…  i should have been more specific.
oscar:  your office is full of genitalia
michael:   oh. eso es lo que dice, el
oscar:  “thats what he says?
michael:  damn it.  ah, angelo
angela:  angela.  michael
michael:  yo soy cancun
angela:   uhh!
jim:  all right, so ill finish up on bulk pricing, and then you go into delivery guarantee.
pam:  you know, maybe theres an opportunity for a joke there, like, um… like,  “i just delivered a baby. they didnt offer me a guarantee.
jim:  yeah, or maybe we dont even need that.
michael:  can you smell the power of the halperts? power couple
dwight:  you know what? i should be getting this client, michael. my numbers are better than either of theirs.
michael:  i went with the people i thought would put the best face on the company.
dwight:  if you want people to put the best face on something, why would you get two people who probably never cut the face off of anything in their lives
jim:   thats a good point.
pam:  this is our first joint sales pitch. i think were gonna work really well together.
jim:  yeah i think we have complimentary strengths. we understand each other.
pam:  we have good give and take.  i give, he takes.
jim:   i dont even know who you are anymore.
pam:   yee.
donna:  hi, uh, donna newton, here to see michael scott.
jim:  oh, hey, miss newton. hi, im jim
donna:  hi
jim:  how are you
michael:  did somebody order a hooker over here
donna:   oh, stop that
michael:  hi. how are you?
michael:  theres this woman i met a few weeks ago. her name is donna, the manager of sid &amp; dexters and, right now, were in the midst of a passionate love affair. um, no. but she is coming by today. maybe to buy some printers, so…
michael:  right here, we have the wonder twins, jim and pam halpert. they will be assisting you today.
donna:  you look exactly alike.
pam:  oh, no were actually married. were not brother and sister.
donna:  i have a sense about these things
jim:  all right
donna:  you have some ancestors in common… somewhere back
angela:  i knew it. you should see their baby.
jim:   so, yes, laser printers are more expensive. but they cost less to operate  so its a tradeoff.
michael:   hi
jim:  hold on one second
michael:  sorry to interrupt. sorry to interrupt. do you, donna, by any chance shop at victorias secret
jim:  what
michael:  because i keep getting these magazines sent to me via the address of the woman who used to live in my condo before me
jim:  none of this is time sensitive.
michael:  uh, yes, uh, the sale is on now through may
donna:  oh, yeah, thank you
michael:  okay, i have more of them.
gabe:  you would have weekly conference calls with executives in corporate. a two-week training program at the yale school of management, obviously you would be high on the list for advancement opportunities.
darryl:  sounds all right
dwight:  what is this
gabe:  oh, this is “print in all colors,” sabres minority executive training program.
dwight:  it doesnt just sound aight, it sounds amazing
darryl:  i didnt say “aight.
dwight:  how do i apply
gabe:  you have to be a minority
dwight:  uh, glasses wearers. cholera survivors. geniuses. non-organic family farmers. the list goes on and on. you want me to keep going?
gabe:  those dont really count. were thinking more ethnic and racial minorities
dwight:  come here. come here
gabe:  hmm
dwight:  ten seconds ago, this guy was driving a forklift. okay? now all off a sudden hes cinderella of the office. what are you guys thinking
gabe:  well…
darryl:  i like the sound of this.  maybe one day ill be sitting in michaels chair. wouldnt that be something?
dwight:  one minority from this branch is going to get into this program. who would i refer? hmm… the competent, hardworking one who does things his own way, or the malleable simpleton who can be bought for a few fashion magazines?
kelly:   this is the second time that youve sent me the wrong size. i mean, i know what a four feels like. ive been a four my whole life. you know what? you can go to hell. all right? thanks for nothing.
dwight:  oh, man. white people, right
kelly:  i dont know if she was white
dwight:  well, you can kinda tell from the voice
kelly:  yeah.
dwight:  i bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot, just because of your race
kelly:  well, they say its because of texting, but maybe youre right.
dwight:  i think you should consider applying for the executive minority training program.
kelly:  never thought of myself as an executive before.
dwight:  i know, cause you have no role models. how many indian ceos can you think of
kelly:  i cant think of any ceos, any race
dwight:  you could be the indian bill gates. you could be the indian ted turner
kelly:  i could be the indian julia roberts
dwight:  thats not… shes… okay. yes.
michael:  i took the liberty to scan a few things earlier, and i want to show you… there we go!  whoa, look at those vivid colors. look at my eyes. those are shrek-green eyes. that is me again. i think this displays the crisp, dazzling white.
donna:  mm-hmm.
michael:  and that would be a display  of the crisp, gorgeous black
donna:  yeah.
michael:  its subtle. thats how it works. i show her an image that turns her on. and then she looks at me, then back at me, then back at the image. soon, she doesnt know what is me, what is the image. she just knows that shes turned on.
michael:  this is a place that i like to go to be alone with my thoughts. ive never taken anybody there before
donna:  who took the photo?
michael:  ryan
donna:  oh.
michael:  and thats it. thats me. thats who i am.
donna:   not bad
michael:  oh, thanks.  youre not bad, either.
donna:  thank you.  hmm
michael:  hmm
donna:  oh my god.
michael:  jim! could you come in here for a sec? what was that printer we were looking at?
michael:   you didnt see it, pam. she was giving me all sorts of signals that she wanted me to make a move. shortbread
jim:  no
pam:  ill have one
jim:  well, maybe you shouldnt try to kiss people at work.
michael:  oh really, jim? what about pam? and you did a heck of a lot more than kiss. maybe this could be my pam.
jim:  okay. well, all that is irrelevant
pam:  maybe michael has a point. i mean, if she was really that upset, she wouldnt still be here.
donna:  was it professional? no. but i work in the nightlife industry. i get hit on all the time. in my 20s it would have been annoying. in my late 20s, i find it really flattering.
michael:  look, i know that i screwed up in there. i know that i probably messed up your sale. i just want to go in and fix it.
pam:  what if i back out and you finish the pitch with jim
jim:  what?
jim:  what was that
pam:  just let him flirt with her. people meet each other all sorts of ways
jim:  pam, you know hes not gonna get anywhere, and hes gonna blow our sale.
pam:  who cares?  its not that huge a sale.
jim:  hey, the schwab guy told us to treat every sale like it was a huge sale.
pam:  dont act like you understood anything that guy said.  good luck, wingman. 
dwight:  how as being a minority affected you?
kelly:  well, theres a lot of pressure from my parents to settle down and marry an indian guy
dwight:  oh, good, and you resent this because…
kelly:  indian guys always wear their cell phones outside their pants. its so dorky
dwight:  oh, no, no. thats not dorky.  look, its easily accessible. boom, like this. 911, hello. scranton stranglers in the house. inside the house
kelly:  just put it in your pocket.
kevin:   look at that. shes totally flirting with him.
phyllis:  you dont know that. some people cant help oozing sexuality.
creed:  you ever notice you can ooze two things: sexuality and pus. man, i tell ya
phyllis:  she just crossed her arms together… thats bad
pam:  maybe shes just pushing her breasts together to make them look bigger.
kevin:   like that? 
donna:  is this… is this the best you can do right there
jim:  uh, for that printer, yes. unfortunately we dont have a lot of flexibility.
donna:  oh. well, i guess im just used to the restaurant business,  where, if youre in charge, then you can always get discounts for the people that you like
jim:  yeah.
michael:  so maybe we could find a little wiggle room, right?
jim:  whats that
michael:  maybe wee find some wiggle room
jim:  i dont… i dont think so
michael:  i think we could. 
oscar:  i dont see how we could possibly sell these for that little without losing money. delivery alone will cost…
michael:  okay, well sometimes… sometimes it makes financial sense to lose money, right? like for tax purposes
oscar:  actually, ran the numbers on this, and in this case, it makes more financial sense to gain money.
michael:  why dont you run them again
jim:  what if shes just flirting with you to get a better price
michael:  if she is, its working.
kevin:  yeah, michael, heres a trick. ask her if she wants a mint. if she says “no,” then she is not interested.
jim:  she does not like him
pam:  you can flirt with someone to get what you want and also be attracted to them. how do you think we got together
jim:  cause i stopped by your desk like 15 times a day
pam:  i was after your money
jim:  well, the joke was on you
pam:  yes, it was.
kelly:   can you stop micromanaging? i know how to do this
ryan:  okay…
dwight:  hey… what are you guys doing
kelly:  this girl was really rude to me at the mall. so i created a fake i.m. account from a hot guy at her high school, and now im trying to make her anorexic
ryan:  tell her everyone in home room thinks shes fat
kelly:  oh, that is so good
dwight:  you know, we really should keep practicing for this interview
kelly:  oh, thats okay. ryan coached me
dwight:  ryan? what does he know?
ryan:  its easy… you just turn every question around on them. do you think youre treated differently because of your race
kelly:  would you ask that same question if i was white? were so in
dwight:  “we?
kelly:  when i become executive, im gonna make ryan manager
ryan:  and then the two of us are cleanin house.
dwight:  kelly will be even worse than darryl. if youd have told me this morning that today id be creating a monster capable f my own destruction, i ‘d have thought you were referring to the bull mose and i are trying to reanimate.
michael:  so corporate approval of this contract is contingent upon buyer and seller…
donna:  mm-hmm
michael:  operating blahdy blahdy blah. boilerplate. pound of fish.  just kidding. do you like mints
donna:  yes
michael:  i carry mints with me sometimes. you ever tried those
donna:  oh, i havent tried those. no
michael:  theyre good
donna:  you want one
michael:  sure
donna:  its like cool… “certified cool.” i like how they say “certified.” like theres some consortium of…  michael!
michael:  i cant stop myself from kissing her
kevin:  yeah, now you know how i feel sitting next to those m&amp;ms all day.
andy:  well, why dont you just move the m&amp;ms
kevin:  well, why dont you shut up
michael:  okay, guys, guys, guys. just tell me its not totally insane to try one more time
jim:  it is totally insane
oscar:  michael, hes right. you are turning into a stalker
michael:  okay. what do you think
kevin:  i think its over, man
michael:  andy
andy:  ehh.
michael:  okay, some for, some against
jim:  nobodys for
michael:  pam
pam:  hmm
mihael:  what do you think?
pam:  um… i think its really, really unlikely.
jim:  okay
pam:  really unlikely. but i cant say that its impossible.
jim:  what?
pam:  im not saying shes in love with him. but she could have left a while ago. most printer sales are done over the phone, ms. boob shirt.
michael:  im going with pams group
jim:  wait
michael:  here we go
jim:  michael. michael
michael:  okay
jim:  michael
michael:  no, guys, guys, guys. guys, just… thank you for talking. wish me luck
jim:  no.
michael:  what sort of movie would rudy have been if he had just stopped, given up, after two rejections? would have been a lot shorter. probably been a lot funnier. but it would have ultimately been a disappointment. i still would have seen it, but thats not… the point.
dwight:  kelly is disqualified
gabe:  what
dwight:  you said the program is not open to caucasians. well… anthropologically, she is indian. indians migrated from the caucuses region of europe. therefore, technically, she is caucasian. youre welcome, america
gabe:  yeah, but shes not white, though
dwight:  well, obviously, she is brownish. but come on, i mean, darryl is far more ethnic.
gabe:  darryl withdrew his application. he said the yale program interfered with his softball league, you know? hes gone.
darryl:  i got my whole life to be a minority executive. i only have about a year left in these knees, though.
dwight:  kelly is the only applicant
gabe:  yeah, unless somebody else applies today
kelly:  namaste
dwight:  oh, dear god. okay. dont make any decisions just yet. okay? ill be right back.
kelly:  hello
gabe:  thats very nice.  i never noticed that before
kelly:  sometimes my bangs cover it
gabe:  yeah. i dont want to be offensive but, uh… may i ask you what that means
kelly:  i do find that offensive, actually.
michael:  we should have your contract done by thursday.
donna:  oh, great. great, i will look out for that stuff, then.
michael:  okay.
donna:  and, um… you know i just wanted to say it was really… really nice to do business with you.
michael:  yeah it was nice to do business with you, too
donna:  thank you. did i… get everything
michael:  i dont know. i think so
donna:  yeah, i think so
michael:   okay. so… oh, donna
donna:  yeah? do you need validation? we dont… we dont validate
donna:  no, its just in the lot, so…
michael:  thank you so much
donna:  youre welcome.  youre… welcome
michael:  mmm.
donna:  bye
michael:   ahem. so, um… okay, if you have… if theres any other questions that you have…
donna:  i dont have, uh, any other questions.  im just gonna… make my way down to…
michael:  all right. all right. bye
donna:  bye-bye
michael:  and have a good elevator ride
donna:  okay
michael:  oh, whats that out there
kevin:  michael, how did it go? 
dwight:  how would one of you feel if i told you i could put you on a fast track to an executive position at this company
erin:  holy cow. id be so happy
dwight:  i wasnt talking to you, pale-face
erin:  i know. i meant id be happy for them
dwight:  what im offering is a ticket on a bullet train straight to middle management
stanley:  dwight, i know these programs. “every color is important because, together, we make a rainbow.
dwight:  yes
stanley:  ill slap you in the face with a rainbow.
erin:  mm
dwight:  speaking of rainbows, oscar… you are kind of a double minority. gay. so we at sabre could really benefit from your perspective.
oscar:  dwight, we know kelly applied. were not gonna cross her. no matter how good the program is
dwight:  i can protect you from kelly.  will you get out of here? seriously. 
kelly:  for hobbies, um, yoga, belly dancing, snake charming. beds of nails. i like lying on them
dwight:  whoa, whoa. whoa, whoa, whoa! this is hide toshi hasagawa. he would like to apply for the sabre minority executive training program “print in all colors” initiative.
kelly:  dwight: what are you doing
dwight:  helping heal america in a dramatic fashion in the 11th hour
kelly:  god, i hate you so much!
dwight:  caucasians, am i right?  have a seat. ill translate
hide:  why? i dont need translator.
dwight:  you dont know what you need. just…
gabe:  well, uh… why dont you just tell me a little about yourself, hide
hide:  in japan, heart surgeon, number one. steady hand.
pam:  hey, michael.  how you doing?
michael:  i dont know. i dont know. cant really trust my feelings anymore.
pam:  you know what, michael? for what its worth… i was wrong, too. i thought she was interested in you.
michael:  she suckered you too
pam:  mm-hmm
michael:  was it the cleavage
pam:  yeah, and the shoulder cutouts.
michael:  yep
phyllis:  michael, you know, its easy to get fooled. bobs warehouse guys flirt with me all the time. it… its mostly harmless. usually i dont let it go too far
andy:  you know, when i tore my scrote, i was, uh… i was seeing this really hot urologist about it, and thought she was into me. but now i think she was just doing a bunch of stuff to bill my hmo. you know, shes touching around down there. its easy to get confused.
erin:  michael, i think donna left this here. should i put it in the lost and found for 14 days and then i can take it home
michael:  god. she left this here
erin:  yeah
michael:  okay. maybe she wants me to return this to her at her work.
jim:  what
all:  no
michael:  yeah. this could be a signal. people dont just take barrettes off.
oscar:  its not a signal. its just a coincidence. no, its not even a coincidence. its just something that happened.
pam:  michael…
michael:   well…
pam:  she doesnt want you to return the barrette. shes not interested in you
michael:  yeah, i know. i know
pam:  im sorry
michael:  i know. youre right. thank you. thanks everybody.
pam:  michael! 
michael: 
donna:   michael
michael:  oh. youre still here. i have your baguette.
gabe:  everyone, it is my pleasure to announce our newest member of the sabre minority executive training program. kelly rajnigandha kapoor.  all right.
gabe:  theyre going to be pretty pleased in tallahassee that i snagged an indian for the program. shell be the first. the programs mostly black. its almost too black. that didnt sound right.
kelly:   and the best part is is that i get a business stipend to buy all new clothes. so you can totally buy any of my old clothes that im not gonna need anymore.
erin:  oh, my god, thank you so much. i love that denim jumpsuit you have. how much
kelly:  oh. actually i was thinking about clothes that i was just gonna give to goodwill anyway.
erin:  great
dwight:  hey, kiddo. congratulations are in order. you deserve it.
kelly:  thank you, dwight
dwight:  oh.
kelly:  ill never forget everything that youve done for me.
dwight:  gosh. he he
kelly:  because i never forget anything.
dwight:  just once, i would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong. is that too much to ask?
michael:  you know what? everybody told me that you werent interested. everybody. and i didnt believe em. and they were right. so… theres your barrette.
donna:  no, y-you were… right.
michael:  who
donna:  you were right
michael:  about what
donna:  you were right.  im sorry
michael:  no, no. no
donna:  im sor…
michael:  no… 
michael:   what happened
erin:  kelly got into the minority training program.
michael:  really?! oh, thats great. thats such good news. i did it!  i kissed. we kissed.
kevin:  ooh
phyllis:  oh, michael
michael:  no, im serious. it… this happened. i went down to the parking lot and i was… i returned her barrette  we ki… we did. okay. we did. we did.
michael:  you know what? it doesnt matter. because i know it happened. and that is all that counts.  i did do it!
