michael:   there is nothing wrong, nor will there ever be wrong with any sabre printers. case closed.  michael scott, as seen on tv
todd packer:   i saw you on the news and i want to pinch your tiny wiener… its packer
michael:  oh! pack man, i thought you were a girl!
michael:  apparently, there are allegations that sabre printers can cause a fire. so they asked me to give a statement to the press. im like, what? all right. so i do it. its on tv last night. and its in the paper today. and its online. and then i call froggy 98.7, the request line. i talk to the host about it on the air. its like, come on, people, enough.
michael:  everybody, we are at defcon 5. i am officially the second-most watched clip of the day on the wbre news site
oscar:  whats number one
michael:  oh, that teacher who was wrongfully accused of being a pedophile. now, we cannot let the pedophile win again! i would like you all to go to the website and watch my clip eleven times.
jim:  so instead of working, you want…
michael:  yes.
jim:  okay
michael:  yes. come on! get it up! thats what… lets do it
angela:  oh, did you see this report that the zoo got a baby otter? its on the same site!
phyllis:  awww, its kissing its mommy
michael:  please.
dwight:  michael, you have to see, this is like, the cutest thing ever.
michael:  really? a baby otter? okay, um, count me in as who cares. its not even that interesting a baby otter, it cant even stand up.  its trying to stand up…  there it goes.
jo:  howdy. i hope im not interrupting anything
michael:  jo! we were not expecting you
jo:  ‘course you all, no doubt, know why im here
kevin:  no
jo:  turns out our printers are famous. theyre all over the news. its an interesting story. cheap foreign printers attacking innocent americans. well, actually the, the real story isnt quite as racy, but uh… lets give it a go
kevin:  jo, i think that i know what happened
jo:  im not sure you do, teddy bear
kevin:  well, now i think i might not
jo:  not long ago, we discovered a defect in one of our printers, so we got a software patch and fixed it right up, just like that. i dont know how it works. but just as we were about to send out a letter to our affected customers, giving em free toner, and we keep em, happy, but somebody here, they liked that first story better. the one where we lose half our clients for no damn good reason! whoever it was who talked to the press, they should come forward, please
michael:  jo, jo, i can assure you it was no one in this office
jo:  can you now?
michael:  absolutely. anyone who talked to the press, please raise your hand
phyllis:   put your hand up, norma rae.
andy:  if you say anything, so help me god, ill break off the temples of your glasses and stick them in your eye sockets.
andy:  so unfair. even if i thought that our printers killed baby seals, i would not be a whistleblower. the bernards, for generations, have silenced whistleblowers. its how we made all our money. woody guthrie wrote a song about us.  old mr. bernard, old mr. bernard, who have you silenced today?
jo:   its a little form, says “i did not do it.”
michael:  there is no reason for anyone here to sign this, because i know everything there is to know about these people. i know when their birthdays are, i know what their favorite kind of cake is, i know what color streamers they like…
jo:  all thats just birthday information, michael
michael:  yes, yes, but it shows a bigger picture
jo:  why dont you come with me? well start out with the honcho, whatcha say
michael:  okay.
jo:  when mama was working as a prison guard and something went missing, shed ask one question: what do we do when we find the guilty party? and if they said, “come down on him with that swift hammer of justice!”, innocent. a clear conscience dont need no mercy. but if they said “officer bessie, well they may have had a reason, blah blah blah blah”, well nine times out of ten, thats the anus theyd check.
jo:  so say we catch this whistleblower, what do you think i should do with him
michael:  we should give him a one-way ticket to montego bay, where they keep all the al-qaeda.
jo:  uh, thats, uh, guantanamo bay
michael:  yes. you put them in jail for a long time, you put them in jail for as long as you can.
jo:  well, i guess were all right, michael
michael:  i want these people to really pay, i want them to suffer. id prefer it if they died, cause its not right
jo:  yeah
michael:  okay.
nick:  hey dwight
dwight:  hey, it guy
nick:  mind if i get in there for a second
dwight:  oh, sure thing, go ahead.
nick:  just one…  gah! ah! dwight, what the hell
dwight:  apache persuasion hold, thats the hell! what are you doing to my computer
oscar:  the lawyers are searching our hard drives for information on the leak. thanks a lot, big brother
dwight:  youre with big brother? okay, go ahead. i got nothing to hide
kevin:  wait, are they searching all our computers
nick:  yeah.  i already got to yours, kevin.
kevin:  no, thats cool. sometimes… sometimes i run. im a runner.
angela:  everybody knows it was andy, and it is not fair for us all to take the fall for his big stupid mouth
michael:  ridiculous, angela. and like im going to believe one of his spermed lovers
phyllis:  look, hes been complaining about this for a while, its not crazy.
jo:  okay dwight
dwight:  hold that thought. i dont want to waste your time, and i wouldnt dare waste mine. i didnt do it. now, i dont know exactly who did it, but i have a list right here…  you should fire the following people
jo:  well, im inclined to believe you
dwight:  why would i disparage a company that has made me rich beyond my wildest dreams?
jo:  yeah, i noticed youve had a great year. good boy… you turning that money into more money
dwight:  are you referring to alchemy?
jo:  i dont like to tell a man what to do with his money, but if you aint investing in property, then youre dumber than a dummy
dwight:  im not dumb. im smart
jo:  well, buy property. thats my advice.
michael:  is there something that you would like to say to me
andy:  uh
michael:  about talking to the press
andy:  i, i didnt know. i didnt do that!
michael:  mmhmm
andy:  okay? i, i… didnt do it
michael:  i dont believe you
andy:  i swear on the graves of my parents who arent even dead yet
michael:  thats a little much. all right, all right, all right
andy:  i dont care, thats how much i swear
michael:  okay, i believe you, i believe you.
andy:  i dont know whos giving darryl any crap. he was more bothered about it than me.
michael:  did you tell anyone outside of this office that the printers were catching on fire
darryl:  yeah, i did. i, i was talking to this girl at a bar
michael:  oh, no, no, no
darryl:  i think she could… sense my sadness, and i, and i found out too late that she… shes the copy editor at the trib
michael:  oh my god. was she cute
darryl:  no
michael:  oh, god, darryl!
michael:  i basically swore up and down that none of my employees did it, and then i find out that one of my best ones did. and now hes probably going to get fired for it. and if that is not poetic justice, i dont know what is.
jo:  sounds like you were as blindsided by this as i was.
toby:  well, thats
jo:  and we didnt find anything on your computer
toby:  good
jo:  except this.
toby:  oh, wow, this is, uh, just a mystery novel that ive been working on
jo:  i know what it is. i skimmed the first chapter. im just curious, why would a man who hates people want to have a relationship with a maid
toby:  oh, uh, i dont know, uh
jo:  the way i look at it, theres only one of two reasons. he knows a secret about her that she doesnt know herself, or he wants to use her services to mop up after a murder
toby:  oh… yes.
toby:  write your own damn novel.
pam:  it was me
jim:  what was you? you were the leak
pam:  okay. im talking to this woman at daycare
jim:  uh-huh
pam:  shes telling me about all her amazing trip to vietnam, i have nothing. i tell her our printers catch on fire, spontaneously
jim:  whyd you do that
pam:  her husbands a reporter
jim:  yeah.
pam:  so now everyone hates andy, and its this whole mess, and i dont know what to do
jim:  okay, just relax. just need to relax
pam:  i could tell jo… or i could tell michael
jim:  this is a very good idea. this is good. lets get all the bad ideas out now. flush them out.
michael:  you leaked it
pam:  i dont know what to do! do i go tell jo, or – i dont want everyone to keep blaming the wrong person
michael:  i dont know what the best plan is, pam. oh god… my mind is going a mile an hour.
pam:  that fast
michael:  oh.
michael:  two whistleblowers… two! i always thought darryl and pam might get me fired for something i said.
pam:   yeah?  i weirdly know exactly what youre saying to me
michael:  so see you in merediths van in five minutes
pam:  yeah, you didnt need to actually say it.
pam:   i have never seen so many parking tickets
darryl:  all right, this is just messed up.
michael:  no, you know whats messed up? this situation all up in here is whats messed up! we need to brainstorm, we need to get out of this! brain hurricane. come on, think.
darryl:  all right
michael:  what do we got
pam:  um
kelly:   hey guys, sorry im late
pam:  were not going for yogurt
michael:  its okay, shes cool, she also whistle-blew
kelly:  guys, i couldnt help it, it is so boring where we work. i mean, its as interesting as a morgue. it might be less interesting than a morgue
michael:  hey, hey, its as interesting as a morgue.
kelly:  of course im the leak! i think i tweeted it! i cant control what i say to people, i spend the whole day talking! i mean, i video chat, i skype, i text, i tweet, i phone, i woof…
ryan:  woof is a site that im launching to be the last word in social networking. for just $12.99 a month, woof links up all your communication portals so you are always within reach. its part of the dog pack, as i call it. but, look, why tell you when i can show you.  i just sent myself a woof.
erin:   ryan, you have a woof on line 1
ryan:  thank you, erin. woof!
michael:  okay, heres what we do. i say we just smash all the computers. we destroy the evidence. no evidence, no case
pam:  wouldnt we get fired for smashing all the computers
michael:  no. okay, not all the computers, just our computers
kelly:  that idea sucks
pam:  i dont think thats a good idea
michael:  just dont say no
darryl:  michael, you know you dont have to turn us all in. all you need is one scapegoat
kelly:  uh, if you turn me in, im turning in darryl
michael:  thats just what we need, another black man in prison. you know, lets just
pam:  nobodys going to prison, okay? um… all right, michael, you need to convince jo to go easy on us. and then well all confess once we know our jobs are safe
michael:  okay. you can count on me.
dwight:   let me give you a hand.
toby:  im hungry
dwight:  ready?  got it? oh shoot. got it?  dwight schrute
realtor:   the property youre looking at is in great shape. by the way, it has a very spacious basement office
dwight:  basement office? you mean like a lair?
michael:  hey jo
jo:  michael
michael:  i was thinking about our little leak problem. i was up all lunch thinking about what we should do to this individual. you know what i think we should do? we make em come to work, and we work em, and we make em sit next to all the people they screwed over. and, and we pay em but we make em feel like they did something really wrong. the one question i have is, do we give them a christmas bonus? i say yes, its christmas, but right after theyre back in the thick of it
jo:  michael scott… what do you know
michael:  what?
michael:  it doesnt matter what i know.
jo:  if it doesnt matter, then tell me
michael:  why
jo:  because i want to deal with it the way i deal with it
michael:  well, deal with this.
jo:  empathize with me for a moment. i came up here with a big problem, and now i got a branch manager whos giving me the silent treatment… speak to me… speak.  come with me
michael:  what?
gabe:   are you leaving? oh, am i… should i continue with the investigation?
michael:  are you going to kill me
jo:  hahahahahaha.
realtor:   i just need you to come by later and sign a few forms
dwight:  okay
realtor:  what time works for you?  mr. schrute, what time works
dwight:  cancel it. i want you to make an offer at seventeen twenty-five slough avenue. make em an offer they cant refuse. no, on second thought, low ball them. dont call me til you have it.
realtor:  but… 
michael:   are we going some place far away? i know you said no questions, but… i have an early dinner that i need to get to… with the chief of police.
creed:  im very relieved to learn it wasnt you
gabe:  all right. uh, stan, youre up
stanley:  it wasnt me
gabe:  what a rich timbre your voice has. okay, i am prepared to conclude the investigation. and… you did it.
andy:  what? based on what
gabe:  uh, just all the evidence. and it really seems like it was you. can we all agree to say that it was andy for now, and sit with it, see how it feels
dwight:  all right. sounds good
jim:  guys, i think that seems a little unfair. i mean, i feel like we dont definitely know it was andy
andy:  yeah. you know, i mean, for all we know it could have been… jim
jim:  really?
jo:  michael
michael:  i have rights
jo:  lets just talk
michael:  i am not going to tell you anything
jo:  honey, you dont seem like your normal self
michael:  well, im going through a little bit of a rough patch
jo:  mama jo knew there was something up
michael:  whole year, actually. my favorite restaurant closed down
jo:  oh, i hate that
michael:  and my new favorite restaurant sucks… i bought a video camera last year, and i was looking at the tapes, and there were only like twelve minutes that i felt was worth taping the whole year. and most of that was just birds in my condo complex. what is that? … i miss holly
jo:  whos holly
michael:  holly flax from the nashua branch. best hr rep that dunder mifflin has ever seen. its not been a blockbuster year for me financially. my blockbuster stock is down.
kevin:  well, i think that the real question is: who is the whistleblower
dwight:  oh, just…
david wallace:  i may have heard from an old client, and i may have immediately started spreading the news to other clients and potential clients, yeah. but im not here to talk about that. i am here to talk about suck it. suck it.
andy:  gabe, i told you all about the printers.
jim:  i mean, it could be you, gabe. i mean, thats the point
pam:  yes, its totally obvious
creed:  i think we all can agree that its either gabe or angela.  its angela. get her, boys
nick:  hey guys, uh, sorry to interrupt. i just wanted to say goodbye to everyone. through teach for america, im going to go down to detroit and teach, uh, inner city kids about computers
gabe:  uh, not now
nick:  oh yeah, its just that my friends are in the car waiting, so i thought i would
stanley:   phyllis, whats this guys name again
phyllis:  i dont know, is it shadow or garth, its something weird, i
nick:  my name is nick
angela:  okay, well, nick, were in a meeting
nick:  okay, look, i get it, people. im the lame it guy, and everybody hates me
jim:  hey, listen man, you cant take it personally
nick:  you called me man? i just said my name just now, did you forget it already
jim:  no… sport
nick:  you, you guys have fifteen parties a week, you cant learn my name
dwight:  hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey it guy. heres the story, champ. none of us have spent a lot of time getting to know you, okay? we liked the last guy, siddiq, because he kept to himself, and we also thought he might have been a terrorist. you know what, im going to leave you with one other thought. inner city kids use computers for two things, games and porn. so good luck wasting your life, lurch.
nick:  thank you so much for that. i saw all your hard drives, and guess what?  youre not a photographer.  and you definitely cant fit into a size two. darryl, man, youre on facebook. why you been telling people youre not on facebook? people want to be your friend, man! all right? and you.  this guy, youre the one who told the press. you wrote an e-mail to the editor. i saw it, and i also saw a quicktime movie of your little printer fire test on your hard drive. this guys the snitch, hes the snitch. so thats it, check it out.
andy:  youre going to believe that guy?
jo:  when i was growing up, there was nothing better than being a big old business tycoon. and i thought id break that glass ceiling and be a hero to all those little girls out there… and theyd make a barbie out of me
michael:  hmm, hmm
jo:  i, did i sell cheap printers? i do. but if i have to go out there in front of the press and make one of them public apology recalls, i mean, its all ill ever be remembered for. nobody will want to play with my barbie
michael:  you know, i would be willing, under the right circumstances, to do that for you
jo:  oh honey, surely you dont want that
michael:  i, i surely do, and dont call me honey.  you were playing too.
dwight:  im about to buy this building, you know
hank:  you dont say? i own a one-eighth share in a rental property down in pittston
dwight:  well, im one-eighths proud of you… enjoy that chair for now… cause pretty soon, you will be on your feet, at buckingham palace.
andy:  hey phyllis, have you seen my bag
phyllis:   you deserve it.
andy:  look, i didnt want houses and schools to burn down, and children to die. does that make me a hero? i
kevin:   no, it does not
andy:  well, it doesnt make me the worst guy in the world, either
angela:  it does!
erin:  andy
andy:  hey
erin:  i wanted to say that i think it was very brave of you to go to the press
andy:  uh, thanks. yeah, you know, just seemed like the right thing to do
erin:  yeah.
michael:   we at sabre have betrayed the trust that we have built with our customers. we regret our slow response and our lapse in candor and judgment. at this time, we are issuing a full recall of all sabre gh400 printers. we will not rest until this problem is solved. there will be no questions. are there any questions?
jo:  hey, i appreciate you reading that statement. you looked pretty up there
michael:  that was fun
jo:  i hope your rough patch ends soon
michael:  thanks. today helped
jo:  well, give me a shout if i can brighten your life
michael:  okay. hey, you could transfer holly back from nashua.
jo:  let me see what i can do.
