dwight:  stop it
jim:  stop what
dwight:  youre talking about me in morse code. well, you know what? jokes on you cause i know morse code. ha
jim:   yeah. thats what were doing. in our very limited free time and with our very limited budget, we went and got a nanny and then we went out and took a class on a very outmoded and very unnecessary form of communication just so we could talk about you in front of you.
jim:  yup. thats exactly what we did.
pam:  it all started when dwight was tapping his foot against the leg of his desk. when i asked him to stop, he said, “i will when you lose the baby weight.”
dwight:  very well. i must have imagined it. i apologize.  detonator. detonator where? michael!
michael:  jim. are you clicking a detonator
jim:  its a pen
dwight:  michael, come on.
michael:  get back to work, dwight. please.
dwight:  fine.  hey. tap away. 
michael:  ooh! things with donna are so… oh-ho-ho! theyre going great. i, uh… were just clicking on every level. emotionally and sexually and… orally and i am not used to relationships going this well. im actually having trouble focusing on my job. and i like it!
michael:  who enjoys the weekends?  of course. now the weekend is always great if you have someone, which i do. i have donna. she is hot. she has a pilates butt. but we need to find something to do this weekend beside have sex. did i say that? yes, i did.  and the reason you are here is that i need ideas for things that donna and i could do on the weekend.so just shout it out
stanley:  i have an idea for your weekend
michael:  okay
stanley:  let me get back to my desk right now.
michael:  okay, you get out of here, big dog.  ah, no, no, no, no. you guys sit down. i need ideas
pam:  stanley got to go.
michael:  yeah, well, stanley doesnt help with anything. come on. shout em out, shout em out.
andy:  walk around apple orchards.
michael:  oh
andy:  super romantic.
michael:  thats fun
dwight:  eel fishing
michael:  all right
darryl:  curl up with your favorite dvd
meredith:  you and donna should hit the poconos. they have heart-shaped jacuzzis. room enough for three.
michael:  we actually went to the poconos last tuesday. we headed up there, we went to a little chinese bistro, um, p.f. changs.
kelly:  wait, why would you go all the way to the poconos to p.f. changs when we have the great wall in scranton
michael:  because when your super-hot girlfriend says, “i wanna go to mount pocono,” you go to mount pocono and you do her. and we screwed. whoops. tmi.
kelly:  wait, thats crazy far. are you sure shes not cheating
michael:  you know what, kelly? this is the real world. not the real world: scranton. oh my god, this is super weird. when ryan had two girlfriends, he used to take me to some diner in hazelton just so the other girl wouldnt see
ryan:  some diner?! it was the starlight diner! its in a life magazine spread about americana
michael:  you guys think donnas cheating on me
pam:  no, michael, no
dwight:  are you nuts
pam:  you had a nice meal with your girlfriend in a lovely place…
michael:  … and… we had sex, too
pam:  that is right. dont make any more of it
michael:  how
pam:  how what
michael:  how do i not make any more of it
pam:  you could start by concluding this meeting
michael:  all right. and she wont say, “i love you.
dwight:  oh, no
andy:  how many dates have you been on
michael:  nine dates. i said it on the second date.
andy:  mm.
oscar:  that seems… quick. even for lesbians.
ryan:  does she keep her phone locked around you, michael? does she watch how much she drinks around you, michael?
ryan:  does she leave the room when she takes phone calls? does she keep perfume in her purse? does she shower before sex? does she shower after sex? does she…
michael:  yeah, she does all that
ryan:  sorry, dude
michael:  no, no…
pam:  michael, do not let your imagination run amok.
michael:  run what
pam:  amok. it means, dont let your imagination run out of control.
michael:  why didnt you just say that, pam?
pam:  michael, do not let your imagination run out of control.
michael:  well, thats easy for you to say. you have a bad imagination. its stupid. i live in a fantasy world.
jim:  you do
michael:  yes, jim, i do. and i cant stay in a relationship that is full of lies and deceit.
jim:  but you didnt believe any of this was true five minutes ago.
michael:  thats what makes it so wrong.
michael:  ever since i found out that donna might be cheating on me, i have not eaten or slept. this not knowing, thats whats killing me.
dwight:  oh, god, that tickles. what did…
michael:   i want someone to follow donna. i want her tailed. i need the name of a good private investigator.
dwight:  i think ive got one for you.
michael:  this is you. how much do you charge
dwight:  $100 a day, plus expenses.
michael:  ill give you $50. moneys no object.
dwight:  im just gonna warn you… and i say this to all my clients… you might not like what i find.
michael:  okay.
dwight:  and you might not like how i find it. 
andy:  of course. yeah, thats terrible. okay, let me get back to you. hey, stanley. one of my clients just called and said that their sabre printer started smoking and caught on fire.
stanley:  my doctor told me to cut out hot dogs. we all got problems.
andy:  hey, gabe i need to talk to you about something. its really important
gabe:  theres no way that you guys have any almond butter, right?
andy:  yeah, i dont know. look, one of my clients called. he was in the middle of a big printing job and the back of the printer started smoking and then the paper tray caught on fire.
gabe:  thats weird. i havent heard of that happening. i would even settle for apricot preserves
andy:  what are we gonna do about this?
gabe:  i dont know. call hq, see if they know anything. yeah. thats what ill do today. all right. yeah
andy:  let me know what they say.
darryl:   wow. that dude is good
andy:  what do you mean?
darryl:  you didnt feel like he was hiding something
andy:  i dont know
darryl:  like he was… covering something up? maybe.
darryl:  two years ago, andy blamed the warehouse for a late shipment that he forgot to process. we got yelled at pretty bad. almost lost my job, and i was mad as hell at the time. but i said “darryl, just wait. hes a fool. theres gonna be an opportunity. just be patient.” 
dwight:   hi stranger
donna:  oh, hi. you work for michael
dwight:  i work with michael.
donna:  right
dwight:  dwight schrute.
donna:  donna, hi.
dwight:  all cases are solved with logic. the only logical way to find out if donna is a cheater is to seduce her, bring her to orgasm, then call michael and tell him the sad news.
jim:  thats interesting. wow, its a little early for ice cream, dont you think
michael:  its never too early for ice cream, jim. but we didnt have any ice cream, so this is mayonnaise and black olives.
pam:  oh!…
jim:  oh, my go
michael:  its comfort food, all right?  god.
jim:  you know michael, this whole donna thing is gonna be okay, you just… stop beating yourself up.
michael:  i know. well, i hope youre right. well see what dwight says.
pam:  why do we have to see what dwight says
michael:  because i have him investigating her. im waiting for a text update
jim:  michael, no…
pam:  no, no, no, no. undo that. undo that
michael:  its too late to undo it. i need to know. otherwise this thing is going to spiral out of amok.
pam:  michael. okay, im… im going to talk straight to you because i think you need to hear it. michael
michael:  god, this is so disgusting.
pam:  stop eating it! do you wanna be happy? look at you. you have a major self-destructive streak in you.
michael:  i know.
pam:  and you kind of torpedo every romantic relationship youre in.
michael:  thats not true.  youre right, i ruin everything. and ive known some wonderful women. holly, carol, jan
pam:  helene
michael:  helene
pam:  my mother
michael:  oh
pam:  my mother, helene.
michael:  oh, yeah. yes, yes. yes. all of, all of the greatest loves of my life.
jim:  you should stop this,  and you should call dwight right now.
michael:   all right. 
dwight:   oh, gosh, we were both going for the same weight at the same time; you go ahead.
donna:  thank you
dwight:  its all yours.  ah!
donna:  you okay
dwight:  yeah, im good. hey, you know an exercise for two people that uses the whole body
donna:   yeah, i think i know what youre talking about.
dwight:  tractor pulling. too bad theres not a tractor here.
dwight:   oh. oh. oh.  one thing you need to know about me. i dont quit until something tears or pops.  you look like youre getting a good workout. can i feel your pulse
donna:  nope. im good, thanks.
dwight:  really? hey, um…
old lady:  look, young man, can you wipe down that seat
dwight:  get out of my way. huh!
dwight:  tomorrows fertilizer, am i right
donna:  im out of here.
dwight:  donna. donna, wait, please. im sorry. okay? listen. we both know why im here: to see… you… naked… while… im… naked
donna:  you stay away from me, or im calling security
dwight:  donna, come… ah! grr! ugh! 
michael:  youre back. what happened
dwight:  oh, i pulled muscles in both my thighs. thanks for asking
michael:  no, what happened with donna
dwight:  yeah, no. shes not cheating. oh, man! will you help me work out this knot? right here.
michael:  ugh
dwight:  put your fingers here
michael:  no. no! are you sure
dwight:  im positive. yeah, oh, and heres your expense receipts right there.
michael:  who eats eight protein bars
dwight:  people who dont trust egg whites.
michael:  okay. well, i am just glad this is all over.
dwight:  oh, me too. and by the way, uh, i told her not to, but shes coming over here and shes furious.
michael:  what? no, she didnt say that
dwight:  youre right. i was paraphrasing. what she actually said was,  “what is with him? he is crazy. im coming over there to talk to him.” and this was after i have no other recourse but to tell her and gym security that you had me sent there to see if she was cheating. also, i joined the gym. youll be billed monthly. [lays down gym membership receipt on a chair in michaels office.
michael:  i am not paying for that membership.
michael:   ohhh… mmm…
erin:  maybe youd be more comfortable in your own office
michael:  no, i like the attention. is she here yet?
erin:  uh, no.  wait, yes
michael:  thats her
erin:  yeah.
michael:  mm-hmm. right. right. right.  okay, ill talk to you later.
donna:  how could you think i would cheat on you
michael:  i didnt. everybody else here did. everybody convinced me that something was up. they poisoned my mind
donna:  thats pathetic
michael:  ye… pfff. well, no. its a lie. thats not what happened. i just like you. i cant believe i get to be with you. you work at an adult arcade. you could have any man you want.
donna:  when i tell you i like you, you need to trust me, not some freak.
michael:  if you wanna dump me, i totally get it.
donna:  i told you i like you
michael:  well, you are boner-ific.
donna:  hey, if i said that we should go away for a couple of days, you would
michael:  …poop my pants
donna:  have you ever been to vero beach
michael:  oh, my god, vero beach. no. is that on the water
donna:  were going
michael:  we are?
donna:  yeah.
andy:  whats up? i got your e-mail
darryl:  close the door
andy:  okay.
darryl:  i dont have a plan exactly. more of a loose structure. gives me freedom to improvise. its like jazz.  andy dont mess with me.  ill figure something out.
darryl:  some freaky stuff going on. i was walking behind gabe and i heard some things
andy:  such as
darryl:  it was kind of mumbled, i dont know, uh, only thing i could make out clearly was “andy,” “problem,” “eliminate,” something. i dont know what it meant
andy:  what? you dont know what it meant? how about “andy is a problem and we must eliminate him?
darryl:  whoa. i hadnt even thought of that.
andy:   yeah. hah. hoo.
kelly:  oh, hey, i love your earrings.
donna:  thank you.
kelly:  did michael get them for you
donna:  no, i bought them myself
kelly:  where?
donna:  steamtown mall
kelly:  claires? zales? rickys? earring, earrings? fancy girl? platinum cat? where
donna:  you know, i actually got them in philadelphia, in a mall down there.
kelly:  franklin mills? king of prussia? springfield? governors place?
donna:  uh, franklin mills.
jim:   what
pam:  hmm? oh. its probably nothing.
pam:  okay, heart-shaped jewelry is not something that a woman buys for herself. a man definitely bought it for her recently, and it wasnt michael.
jim:  wait, so are you… you like heart-shaped jewelry, though, right
pam:  no. except for the pendant that you bought me. which i love.
creed:  psst… 
andy:  creeds head of quality assurance. so hed definitely be wrapped up in this.
creed:  so there i am, minding my own business and darnell offers me three bucks. all i gotta do is walk by andy and go like this.  darnells a chump. i would have done it for anything. ive done a lot more for a lot less.
pam:  so it turns out donna and i have a facebook friend of a friend in common, so i was able to see some of her pictures online.  this was taken two weeks ago. and this was taken the same night.  this photo was taken this morning.  its cece.  shes never gonna do anything wrong.
donna:  isnt that something
michael:  wow.  thats exciting
pam:  hey, michael.
michael:  hey
pam:  im sorry to interrupt you. um, i actually have something very important to talk to you about, business related.
michael:  well it can wait. it can wait
pam:  i lied its personal. its about me and jim. were… i just… youre the only person i can talk to.
michael:  jim is her husband.
donna:  oh
pam:  and…
michael:  and they are having problems, so sh…
pam:  no, not… were not… were not having problems. but it is personal. and i would love…
michael:  good in bed
pam:  yes. yes, i desperately want to speak with you about my sex life with jim
michael:  oh, my god. look at how cheap street level rooms are. am i the only person who enjoys people watching
pam:   i need you to sign this! so bad
michael:  okay, weirdo.
pam:  i love … this idea is neat. ive never been. it sounds lovely.
donna:  yeah i think itll be a nice trip. were gonna get a lot done.
pam:   youre gonna wanna look at the date on that.oh, wow. look at… golfing.  are you a golfer
donna:  i am, but i, i gave my clubs away. i swear too much.  hey, you okay?
michael:  yeah, i just remembered that i have to go to the bathroom. pam
pam:  absolutely. 
darryl:  look, im not down there anymore, so if the guys start making fun of you, you just, you gotta stand up for yourself.
glen:  i know, its just, im scared…
andy:  your text said 911
darryl:  glen, could you excuse us? 
darryl:  its bad
andy:  whats bad
darryl:  its real bad.
darryl:  still no plan.
andy:  oh, god
darryl:  its getting bigger.
andy:  i might have to go public here, but no ones gonna believe me. uh… i need proof. i need, like, a printer to catch on fire
darryl:  i can videotape it.
andy:  yeah.
darryl:   there it is
andy:  there what is
darryl:  what?
michael:  who the hell is this? who is this guy
pam:  i dont know who he is
michael:  god! lowest of the low. that guy. just a notch above toby. you know what
pam:  what
michael:  im gonna kill him. no, im not. i feel… i… no, im not going to kill him.
pam:  you just have to go in there. you have to hear it from her
michael:  i have to hear it from her.
pam:  you have to settle down first
michael:  i need to have her tell me herself. right?
pam:  okay. okay. yes
michael:  i need to have her say…
pam:  yeah, but you have to calm…
michael:  i need to say, “what the hell is that? what the hell is that?
pam:  okay. look at this, look at this. baby picture.
michael:  no, god! no, no, oh, my god
pam:   hi, michael, hi, michae
michael:   okay. okay. okay.
gabe:   i talked to corporate. turns out there have been 12 reports of faulty printers. out of 400,000.  weve investigated. every time its been user error.they block the vents or something, i dont know. thats why we have the fine print. thank you for bringing this to our attention. so id like to reward you for that.  thats god for five bucks at dunkin donuts. any dunkin donuts. 
michael:  you know what? we should really do something fun this week.
donna:  yeah, we should
michael:  wouldnt that be fun
donna:  yeah
michael:  how about thursday
donna:  thursday works. yeah, what do you wanna do
michael:  i cant do thursday. book club. how about friday
donna:  oh, friday doesnt work.
michael:  oh, really? cause i was thinking we could go to this concert. spice girls are opening for weird al. front row. itd be a great, great concert.
donna:  shoot. im working.
michael:  oh okay. well, maybe i could stop by.
donna:  well, wont you be at the concert
michael:  nope, thats tuesday
donna:  oh, well, i can make it on tuesday
michael:  youre cheating. youre cheating on me.
donna:  how do you know
michael:  pam told me.
pam:   did she see me
jim:   nice effort.
andy:   were printing on 24-pound premium stock paper, approximately 300 sheets in. so far, no signs of distress.
darryl:  you havent even introduced yourself
andy:  right. my name is andrew baines bernard, and if youre watching this, its because ive turned states witness because im in danger because i know too much.
darryl:  you should talk in a higher voice cause the camera makes you sound weird.
andy:  higher? okay.  recently certain events have come to my attention…
darryl:  higher.
andy:  make it higher? okay
darryl:  mm-hm
andy:   i have come to the conclusion that the sabre corporation…
darryl:  one more, yeah.
andy:   may be overlooking certain safety regulations. at the danger…  ah!  its working.  its… i knew it!
darryl:  this…
andy:  we are blowin the roof off! blowin the roof off!  nice. nice. this is my partner, darryl philbin. hes been my partner through this entire thing.
darryl:  i dont wanna prank anymore. things get real. its not funny. im just gonna be good, stay in my room, go to church, try to do one nice thing per day. i do not wanna prank anymore.
michael:  who is he
donna:  what, what do you mean
michael:  the other man. whos the guy? who is it?
donna:  its you. im married
michael:  im the mistress?
dwight:   okay, everybody, lets take this next hill
gym instructor:  excuse me. yeah, id appreciate it if youd just let me run this.
dwight:  you know what? you had your chance. youre no leader. out of your seat, lets blast
gym instructor:  dont listen to him, were approaching a cooldown down a gentle hill
dwight:  no! the hills a trap. lets take the dirt road off to the side.
gym instructor:  no, guys, no. were just cooling down…
dwight:  if they catch us, they will rape us. go for the cliff. and three, two, one… jump! no!  youre dead, youre dead, youre dead. good jump. youre barely alive. okay, now nice cooldown. check your pulse rate.
