michael:  yeah
oscar: you wanted to see me
michael: yes, oscar come on in.close the door if you would.thank you, thanks so much for talking to me
oscar: yeah sure
michael: im going in for a procedure today
oscar: is everything okay
michael: yeah, its routine.im just a little bit scared
oscar: im sure everything will be fine.what do you? whats the procedure, if you dont mind my asking
michael: it is a colonoscopy
oscar: okay
michael: in your experience, what should i be expecting in terms of sensation or emotions?  is there anything i can do to make it more pleasurable for me or for dr. shaundry
oscar:  oh my god
michael: my main concern, should i have a safe word
oscar: yeah.
david wallace: so michael, do you think you can give me a run down on the buffalo clients by monday
michael: abso… you know what? ill do you one better, sunday, sunday night
david: okay, i will look at it monday
michael: ho, hol, hold on big guy, im gonna put it in the mail sunday night and youll get it weds
david: okay, jim you wanna hit the conference room
jim: sure
pam: hey, good luck
michael: oh right, this thing. i remember now.whats this about
jim: ah, this is just me and david, if thats okay
michael: its okay with me but hes gonna want me in there
david: no, ah its okay michael.we got it
michael: really
david: yeah
michael: alright, do you mind if it sit this out?i have so much work to do, i feel like im gonna blow my brains out
david:  okay. 
michael: am i worried that jim and david are having a meeting without me?no, because we are the three amigos.and once in awhile one of the amigos will go off… to the bathroom… while the other two have a secret meeting.
michael: hey let me escort you to your desk
pam: okay, its just three or four steps but thank you, thank you
michael: you and jim are close, huh
pam: yeah, i think the pregnancy really brought us together
michael: hey, what do you think he and david are talking about? what do you…
pam: ummm, i dont know
michael: well, you said good luck to jim as he walked in
pam: did i?doesnt sound like me, not very superstitious
michael: if you are lying to me right now pam, your baby is gonna come out a liar.thats how it works.they inherit things through the breast milk
pam: please dont talk about my breast milk
michael: i just dont want you to lie to me.i dont want you to ever lie to me.have i ever lied to you
pam: yeah
michael: i just dont want you to.
darryl: i was rushing to fill an order.i put the ladder up to grab a box of three hole from the top shelf.next thing i know, im on the ground and the ladders on top of me
toby: and thats how you broke your ankle
darryl: yes
dwight: hmmm, interesting.how did the ladder end up on top of you, if you fell off of it
darryl: this doesnt concern you man, you need to walk away
dwight: oh really, im sorry i thought this was a free country.i didnt know we were in communist sweden
darryl: if we were living in sweden, i wouldnt have to worry about this cause wed have universal healthcare
dwight: nnnnn, thats not… okay
darryl: be quiet
dwight: im talking about… hmmm
toby: i will send this off to corporate.make sure you hold on to your medical bills.feel better
darryl: thanks t-man, later.[fist bumps toby
dwight: so long darryl, feel better…  hes lying
toby: he has a doctors note
dwight: oh? from who, dr. j?look, you really need to investigate this.people dont just fall off of ladders
toby: a guy on my street fell off a ladder painting his house.it was on the news
dwight: since when have you known darryl to rush to do anything other than to come up here for birthday cake?yall having birthday cake
toby: thats not a very good darryl
dwight: please… and how many foremen do you know that pull boxes
toby: hmmm
dwight: it just doesnt add up.
toby: well, we did a little investigation and dwight had a good point.the ladder didnt reach the top shelf.i dont know if i believe it, but i am a fan of the hardboiled detective novel. ill punch you in da mush, see.
michael:  uh huh, well if he doesnt like it you can tell that sob that he is fired.sorry, im going into a meeting right now.i will… i love you too.bye
jim: who was that
michael: sorry about that.whatd i miss
david: michael, we would like to continue the rest of this meeting in private, please, if you dont mind
michael: do not mind!yes, i do!no, i dont.yes, i do!no, i dont mind.catch you guys on the flippity flop.oh this… call waiting. yeah, uh huh,well you tell the mayor he just lost six votes.
creed:  theyve been in there a while
michael: yeah
creed: cant be good
michael: nope
creed: think theyre talking about me
michael: no, i think theyre talking about me
creed: yeah, that makes way more sense.okay thanks boss.
michael: what is jim telling him?that i cant handle this job?that ‘s bull crap.that is bull crap.although, it has been chaotic lately.corporate shut down the buffalo branch which left us to absorb all of their clients.i will tell you there has been work everyday.had to come in on a saturday. to retrieve… i left my cell phone here.
pam: hey kelly
kelly: ugh, so jealous of your boobs
pam: thank you.um, listen i just wanted to confirm that youre not coming to the wedding, which is totally understandable and more than fine
kelly: is ryan going
pam: i dont know, he hasnt rsvpd yet.
pam: we invited everyone in the office to our wedding.even though we realized most people wouldnt be able to make the drive to niagara falls. which is why were having it in niagara falls. then michael told everyone they could have friday and mondayoff, if they came.so now, people have to decide if they want to come to our wedding or have to work.
kelly: heres the deal.i really want to go but im not gonna go if ryan doesnt go, because its kind of a waste of time.that came out wrong.it would awesome if you could try to get him to go because id really like to be there to support jim.
andy: what can i do for ya hoss
michael:  how are your sales doin
andy: how are my sales doin?busted.my numbers are down a little bit and its cause of the economy.youre not buying it, youre good.okay the truth is, i have been having trouble focusing lately.im in this weird, flirty, nebulous thing with this cousin of mine and its a total mind effer
phyllis: again with the cousin
andy: oh, im sorry phyllis, you explain this email, okay.“hey andy lets go visit grandma and then get drunk together, ha ha.
michael: shhh, im just trying to figure out whats going on in that room, okay?
michael: wallace had to show up on the one four month period that im completely overwhelmed.
michael: you know when they say its so crazy it just might work?well, i dont believe that.i say go for the air-tight plan and that is why i am having andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart.it is just elegant.
michael:  be my eyes
andy: you got it
stanley: what have we here
andy: oh, just backing up and turning around
kevin: hey, were gonna do this…
andy: dit, dit, dit, dit, its not for you. pardon moi, messieurs.i took the liberty of preparing for you a cheese platter which i will place here on the eastern wall of the conference room
david: cheese platter
andy: oui, oui, monsieur.from the wisconsin region, a nice firm cheddar.also from the great state of wisconsin, an aged parmesan.here you will find a cheddar style spread which has reacted nicely with the air to form a light rind which i think youllfind both challenging and delicious.at that point, i would recommend you take a trip south of the border to the great state of illinois where you will find this fine bleu cheese dressing.if i may be so bold, its a lot of fun to let the goldfish take a little swim in the bleu cheese.bon appetit
david: alright, well i should go.thanks for this.youve given me a lot to think about.please promise me you wont do anything until we speak
jim: no, i wont.alright, thanks for giving me your time,i appreciate it
david: thank you jim.
david: erin, is michael around
erin: i think hes around here
michael:  hey, hey, you must have walked right past me.how you doin
david: ah, yeah, could we talk in your office for a second
michael: yes, definitely.
toby:  sounds like a emdp-40
dwight: nah, thats a ge. a p40 is much higher pitched
toby: youre into trains
dwight: i have been my whole life
toby: wow
dwight: im rebuilding a turn of the century steam engine in my slaughter house
toby: thats so cool
dwight: yeah
toby: wow, id love to take a look at that
dwight: yeah, its just a run of the mill slaughter house, but sure anytime
toby: well, you know, cause ofthe trains
dwight: wa… wa… wait , someones coming
toby: uhh, oh boy, oh boy
dwight: here, get down! hes not using crutches!get the camera
toby: get over there!get over there
dwight: oh, workers comp, my ass
toby: i cant believe this.  hey you, ass****
dwight: toby…
toby: you gonna eat all that dog food yourself
dwight: ooohhh… oh man!you okay
toby: just keep going.
pam: hey ryan
ryan: hey
pam: so, i just wanted to confirm that youre not coming to my wedding
ryan: yeah, i might stop by
pam: it costs about $75 per person
ryan: okay, i once had a glass of cognac that cost $77
pam: can you just tell me now if youre coming or not
ryan: yes, im coming to your wedding
pam: okay, ryan howard, yes
ryan: probably, yes
pam: kelly kapoor, yes.
david: are you sure youre okay with these new responsibilites
michael: look who youre talking to
david: im just trying to figure out the best way to utilize everyones talents
michael: well i would say that my greatest talent is being the best man, woman, or child, to have ever run this branch, ever
david: what about jim?do you think jim is someone who is ready to move into a management position
michael: permission to speak on the record
david: please do
michael: jim is like big bird.he is tall and yellow and very nice.but would i put him in charge?no, i dont think so.because big bird doesnt make the tough decisions.i… if i was gonna put someone in charge, i would put burt in charge or i would put one of the real grown-ups in charge, like maria or gordon, maybe
david: i thought you liked jim
michael: very much, jim is my best friend. but its his performance report… right here.now this was written by toby, who we all know is extremely reliable
david:  “constant office distractions, spends way too much time at reception, antagonizes other salesman, not at all what he thinks he is.
michael: its not very well written, but you get the gist
david: is there anybody else you think could run the day to day of the branch
michael: i can just continue to run it myself
david: jim had an interesting idea to help you with this extra work load and it involved you being promoted to oversee all northeast sales and then jim would be promoted to your position
michael: this was jims idea
david: mmhmm
michael: wow.ummm, well id have to talk to my mother and my guy at h and r block
david: ummm… okay, heres the thing though.the plan doesnt work unless we have someone to replace you.i was hoping… plus we have to worry about jim, he has another job offer.we may have to replace him.
jim: i didnt tell michael because i thought hed try to help.example, he handed out jello shots at the 23rd mile of the steamtown marathon.
david: jim can you walk me out to my car for a second
jim: sure.
michael:  i cant help but feel partially responsible.
michael:  little pick me up? oh those are the best.little sugar rush
jim: when you were in the office earlier talking to wallace, did i come up at all
michael: well we did talk about how handsome you are
jim: why dont we head in your office to talk
michael: oh what a week, god.we said… i know there were certain things we said…
jim: michael, look ill just be honest with you.earlier today i spoke with wallace about a promotion.i actually think that talk went really well.and then after he spoke with you, for some reason it felt like things had changed
michael: hmmm, thats weird, thats weird… its kinda weirding me out.did you know that lincolns secretary was named kennedy
jim: michael, did you say anything
michael: tell you what, when you leave this office i am going to call wallace and i am going to tell him that you should get that promotion
jim: really
michael: yes
jim: you will?wanna do it right now
michael: yes.
jim: i tried to keep michael in the dark.i should have known that he can do just as much damage in the dark.
dwight: i need to see your pupils.i need to see if theyre dilated
toby: if they were dilated…
darryl: toby! dwight!is that them
gwenneth: definitely
darryl: you come to my house, bust up my trash cans, call my baby sister an ass****, and told her to eat dog food
dwight: we thought that she was you
darryl: why would you think a lady is me
dwight: are you… are you serious?be… cause you look exactly alike.am i the only one?are you getting this
toby: no, nah.i dont see it
darryl: heres what im gonna do, im calling corporate and im filing a complaint against both of you
dwight: aww, darryl
darryl: cmon gwenneth
gwenneth: sad.
david:  this is david
michael: hey david, this is michael scott.michael scott here
david: yep
michael: just wanted to talk to you aboutjim halpert.i understand that he did not receive the promotion.and i wanted to see what i could do to nudge you in the right direction
david: so, what, youre changing your mind about jim
michael : absolutely,  not. like i said before, jim is fantastic and he deserves this job
david: michael, it seems like youre cutting in and out… this is not what you said earlier
michael: wha… heres the thing, jim is the best man for this job, i think you should give it to him
david: well, it doesnt change what you showed me in jims file
michael: well, nnnn, that… that was an anomaly.that file had been falsified.toby flenderson is doing drugs
david: michael, i really dont know whats going on  down there, but… oh, dammit, i am getting pulled over for talking on my cell, dammit.
toby: hey darryl, look ahhh, were here to apologize ahh…
darryl: cool
dwight: wait!theyre using the lift as their own personal elevator
toby: what
dwight: he broke his ankle climbing over the railing and he lied about it because it was a misuse of company equipment, case closed
darryl: stupidest thing ive ever heard
dwight: really?then why is there new wood only on one railing?hmmm?we should check the security tapes toby
toby: well, i dont think theres any reason to check em but i suppose if we wanted to be really certain…
darryl: alright, yeah fine so whatever…
dwight: yes
toby: you really did it…
dwight: now, i would like to file an official complaint to corporate because darryl lied on an official form
darryl: and im telling them you guys sexually harassed my sister
dwight: phhhht.no judge is gonna believe that…
toby: ahhh, kay.look, we could all file complaints against each other and just drown in a sea of paperwork, but you know, we can just move on with our… with our lives.
toby: so dwight and darryl came to an agreement that both would file complaints with corporate and now i get to do all this paperwork.we worked it out.
michael: hey, hey jim, it would make me feel really good right now if you would just punch me in the face.alright,just do it
jim: how many times have i asked you to put me up for a branch manager job
michael: i never recommended you because i didnt want to lose you and i didnt want to lose pam,  and now i dont wanna lose the baby
jim: so instead, you screwed me
michael: thats what she…
jim: no
erin: david wallace is calling
michael: kind of in the middle of something here
erin: should i tell him youll call him back
michael: i, yeah… no, ill tell him myself.lets both.
michael:  hello
david: hey michael, you got jim there with you
michael: no, its just us
david: actually, can you call jim in? i want him on, please
michael: oh, oh, well here he is right now.come in
jim: hi david
david: hey guys, so i spoke to alan, we had kind of an unconventional idea, which i think is pretty cool.but it only works if everyones on board.
michael: well just as long as it means jim becomes a manager
david: we were thinking of having two branch managers in scranton.both of you guys working as co-managers.jim would handle the day to day and michael you would focus on clients and big picture stuff
jim: wow, that sounds pretty cool
michael: i like that, so manager and co-manager
david: co-manager and co-manager.see, there are a lot of moving pieces and this is the only way i can sell it upstairs
michael: well that might be a little confusing for people because they know me as manager
david: alright, hey michael can you pick up for one second. okay look, im not going to force you into anything.if youre willing to lose jim, fine, you just say so and well find another solution, okay.is that what you want to do?
dwight: okay people,listen up, i have an announcement to make, fraud was committed…
michael: okay everybody, i have an announcement to make… whoa do you have an announcement
dwight: im… i was making it
michael: everybody, david wallace and i have talked and we have decided to promote jim to the position of co-manager
stanley: co-manager of what
michael: of your butt, and your butt, and your butt, all of the scranton branch butts
phyllis: whats happening to you michael
michael: whats happening to me?i am also being promoted to co-manager, we will be co-managers together.jim halpert, welcome
jim:  thank you. 
dwight: ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
meredith: niagara falls in october?pfft, hells yeah
pam: do you think that you could send in your rsvp card
meredith: nah, ill just tell you now, easier
pam: well, you have to choose a food option and theres information in there about directions and lodging…
meredith: ill just have whatevers fanciest, unless theres ribs.ill just get the other information the day of, ill text you
pam: you are going to text me, the morning of my wedding.
meredith: uh huh
pam: to ask for directions.
meredith: right…
pam: and you will eat whatever is fanciest
meredith: unless theres ribs.
angela: rude
pam: so rude, right
angela: mmm hmmm
pam:  oh my gosh, i have been chasing people down all day.its incredible
angela: pam, my bag was there…
