dwight:   could you please sign my expense report
michael:  no way, no how. expense reports are a day-to-day item. that is jims now. i am exclusively big picture, epic.
dwight:  sign this
jim:  ah, ah, ah. wheres the “please”? were not animals
dwight:  sign it
jim:  no, not without a “please.
dwight:  idiot.
dwight:   i have a complaint about jim
michael:  that is not big picture
dwight:  i would like to file a huge, enormous, massive complaint about the tallest guy in our office
michael:  … okay
dwight:  jim wont sign my expense report
michael:  that is not– okay– that is day-to-day
dwight:  no, that is huge
michael:  youre trying to trick me
dwight:  this has to do
michael:  get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
dwight:   id like to lodge a complaint
jim:  im sorry to hear about that. who is this about
dwight:  you
jim:  okay. just want to let you know i take complaints very seriously. so… when did this happen
dwight:  one minute ago
jim:  okay. and how do you feel
dwight:  angry
jim:  all right. did he hit you
dwight:  no
jim:  did you cry
dwight:  no
jim:  did you feel like crying
dwight:  no
jim:  im just gonna write “held back tears.
dwight:  wait, stop writing that. that is not true
jim:  if you stop crying, ill stop writing it
dwight:  im not cr– uhh!
dwight:  i deserved that promotion, not jim. oh, man. makes me want to put him in a triangle choke hold and force him down to the ground and just keep pressing and pressing. and then flip him over and then put him in a hammer lock! and hes gasping, hes panting! every last breath! and the crowd is going crazy. and boom! i emerge victorious!  aha! $18,000 and a chance at the title! ooh hah!
erin:   dwight, jim wants you to keep it down.
michael:  everyone, now would be a good time to freshen up, because id like everyone to meet in the conference room in five minutes. and i suggest that you bring a snack, because we may be in there for a while
jim:  michael…
michael:  yes
jim:  can i talk to you in my office for a second
michael:  mmm, sure, but could i first talk to you in my office
stanley:  can i also be a boss?
oscar:  look, it doesnt take a genius to know that any organization thrives when it has two leaders. go ahead, name a country that doesnt have two presidents. a boat that sets sail without two captains. where would catholicism be without the popes?
jim:  i have noticed that we
michael:  welcome
jim:  thank you. ive noticed weve been having a lot of conference room meetings.
michael:  mm-hmm
jim:  and im wondering if perhaps those are a bit, um
michael:  disruptive
jim:  yes
michael:  no, i dont think they are. i think the meetings are very important.
jim:  okay, maybe we should talk specifics.
michael:  lets do
jim:  okay. yesterday, we had a meeting about planets
michael:  n– well, to be fair, jim… james… jimothy… to be fair, jimothy, the– ah, that sounds weird. are you okay with being called jim
jim:  i am
michael:  alright. jim, to be fair, the conversation wasnt about planets…
jim:  right
michael:  at first, we were talking about introducing a line of toilet paper. and what part of the human body does one use toilet paper upon? so you draw a line from there to the other planets, and i think by the end, we all learned a little bit about how small we are
jim:  yes, i agree.
michael:  because its a big universe, and were all just little, tiny specks of dust.
jim:  i just think that maybe theyre eating large amounts of the day
michael:  you know what eats a large amount of the day are naps. you go to sleep, its light out, you wake up, its dark. thats the whole day. where did that day go? i have no idea
jim:  you mean on a weekend
michael:  yes
jim:  how about this? i think our goal should be we dont have meetings unless theyre absolutely essential.
michael:  alright. no more meetings this week.
jim:  really? you just agreed to that
michael:  i can be very suprising.
phyllis:  whats going on
pam:  i need to fit into my wedding dress. however, im also pregnant
ryan:  you know, its a myth that women have to gain more than nine pounds in a pregnancy. look at these actresses. some of them lose weight.
phyllis:  hey, did you guys register for wedding gifts
pam:  we did, but mostly because people expect us to. were also accepting other gifts not on the registry… however much.
pam:  its awkward asking people for money, but we could really use it. why doesnt crate &amp; barrel let you register for a toaster full of cash?
phyllis:  perfect. i hate registries
pam:  oh, good
phyllis:  my cousin makes the most amazing romantic birdhouse mailboxes. i know i shouldnt tell you, but youll still be suprised when you see it. youre not registered for a birdhouse, are you
pam:  no, were not
phyllis:  good. good.
michael:  mm-hmm
jim:   okay, i thought i saw people missing
michael:  yeah, just focus-grouping a product expansion idea to these folks. got one of each
jim:  really? hey, stanley, what was the last thing michael said before i came through the door
michael:  stanley, you dont need to answer that
jim:  stanley
stanley:  “if you dont smell this, youre fired.
jim:  okay, michael, i thought we agreed to not take up peoples time with meetings like these
michael:  what do you mean by “these people”
jim:  michael, this is a conference room meeting
michael:  oh, hey, everybody, i think that jim has gone insane, because he thinks that my office is a conference room
jim:  thats not what i meant
michael:  listen, jim, no offense, but when push comes to shove, what i want is more important that what you want
jim:  i disagree
michael:  what do you guys think? 
jim:  great. guys, can i just have a moment alone with michael
michael:  no, no, no, you dont need to go anywhere. anything that jim has to say to me, he can say in front of these types of people.
jim:  that is not what i said, and, also, i am co-manager, meaning you are not the only manager anymore. i am also i co-manager
michael:  that is not what wallace told us.
jim:  thats exactly what wallace told us
michael:  that is not the way i heard it.
kelly:  i love rivalries– michael or jim, paris or nicole, heidi or l.c. its so much fun. but i guess if im really thinking about it and answering your question honestly, id have to go with l.c.heidis a bad friend, and her skin is terrible.
michael:  it is one thing, me giving you the co-manager title. it is another thing, you bossing me around.
jim:  im not bossing you around. im trying to do my job, which is sharing your job, so maybe we should just call david wallace
michael:  no, no, no. no, we will not call david wallace.  i will call david wallace
erin:  david wallace is on line two for you guys.
michael:  or david wallace will call us on line two. why dont we just
jim:  hey, david. you got jim here
michael:  hey david, this is michael, senior co-manager.
david wallace:  hey guys, um, im calling, because, unfortunately, we will not be able to give out cost of living raises this year, and i know people expect it. however, there just is only a small amount of money for each branch, so were leaving it up to the managers to decide how to distribute it.
michael:  got it, dave. sounds like your classice big-picture decision.
jim:  which will clearly affect the day-to-day well-being of our employees.
david wallace:  its probably a little of both.
michael:  which is it more of?
david wallace:  excuse me
jim:  david, i know that im very new at this, but i have a very good perspective on how things work.
david wallace:  wait, im sorry. michael, are you– are you texting me
michael:  i thought maybe we could talk after this is over.
david wallace:  look, i need you both to take care of this. this is not going to be a problem, is it
jim:  nope, not at all.
michael:  no, it will not be. i am on top of it
david wallace:  very good.
jim:  alright, thanks alot, david
michael:  talk to you later–  okay, you didnt let me say good-bye.  alright, i am looking forward to this.
jim:  you dont have to lie.
michael:  i hate the fact that we have to do this together. i think we work better separately. when i am irritated and i look at you, i dont see you anymore.
jim:  right.
michael:  all i can see is how big and gross the pores on your nose are
jim:  alright. lets get started.
creed:  hey, why havent we ever, um…
meredith:  we have.
michael:  you know, theres no easy way to do this. i say we add 1.5% to their paychecks and dont say anything about it
jim:  do you mean, like break-in in the middle of the night and change the numbers on payroll
michael:  no, we can do it during the day. it doesnt have to be that dramatic, jim
jim:  okay. you know what would help is a pros and cons list for our options.
michael:  jim, dont take this the wrong way. are you gonna take this the wrong way
jim:  its hard to tell so far
michael:  you use your brain too much
jim:  im sorry, are you advocating that i use it less
michael:  sometimes the smartest people dont think at all
jim:  you just came up with that
michael:  as i was saying it
jim:  yeah. okay, so for the 1.5% increase, pro– everyone gets a little bit.
michael:   con– you look like a nerd
jim:  con– no one gets as much as they did last year
michael:  pro– you get to share your pros and cons list with the other nerds
jim:  pro– no favoritism.
michael:  con– you unzip your pants, and you find that theres a calculator down there.
jim:  ive been studying michael for years, and ive condensed what ive learned into this chart–  how michael spends his time. as you can see, we have procrastinating and distracting others, and this tiny sliver here is critical thinking. i made it bigger, so that you could see it.
kevin:  hey, pam, i heard that you were registered, but i didnt hear where.
pam:  i dont think we registered anywhere. we just want cash
kevin:  like money? like you– you want my money
pam:  mm-hmm
kevin:  will you take a check
pam:  yeah
kevin:  cool. in the memo line, im gonna write, “to loves eternal glory.
pam:  okay
kevin:  wait til monday.
pam:  is this what ive become? materialistic? shallow? i feel horrible.  oh look! “mrs. pam halpert!” thats the first time ive seen it in writing!
jim:  you know, the more i think about it, the more i think we should give it to the salesmen.
michael:  that will not go over well.
jim:  i know. i just think it seems smart to keep the salesmen happy right now. ‘course i know that this might come off as biased, so you know what? let us…
michael:  oh, my god! are you gonna make another pro and con list? im gonna kill myself.
jim:  im not gonna let you stop me from thinking.
michael:  no! i could not do that, jim. i can see it in your crusty little eyes that you are going to make everything perfect. if i can just think this through, if i could just think it exactly right, i can make this perfect, and then i can go down every avenue, and every avenue off of that avenue, and then another avenue.
jim:  michael.
michael:  and then another
jim:  look, you have a lot of strengths
michael:  oh, i do?! tell me what they are.
jim:  i think that you are able to take constructive criticism very well.
michael:  ha! that– i am not known for that
jim:  but there is a reason why im here
michael:  yes! you went over my head to wallace
jim:  no, its because you also have a lot of weaknesses, michael
michael:  okay. well, why dont you tell me what those are, jim? why dont you enliven me
jim:  i dont think youre good at making tough decisions
michael:  ah.
jim:  at thinking out the options, and then stating that decision very clearly, especially when its an unpopular decision.
michael:  okay, heres a tough decision for you. you suck! you suck! is that clear enough for you?
jim:  but maybe im here for a reason, because i might have some good ideas, too. ive been sitting out there, and ive been learning a lot, and maybe i can just bring something different to the table.
michael:  okay, skippy, here we go. why dont you run yourself out there and tell them?  you call it
jim: 
michael:   this had better be terrible.
jim:  could i have everyones attention, please? i have some tough news, so im just gonna give it to you straight. truth is, we only have so much money for raises this year, so the simple fact is some people will get raises, and some people wont. now, what weve decided is, we are gonna give those raises to the sales staff.
meredith:  wait. seriously?
jim:  look, you guys are smart, so im just leveling with you. im just trying to treat you like adults.
oscar:  thank you, jim, for thinking that were smart people.
angela:  but, i do not understand. if were such smart adults, then why dont we get raises
oscar:  excellent question, genius. its because jim wants to give the raises to his friends and the people he sleeps with.
jim:  ooh, easy. thats not it at all.
oscar:  well
jim:  really what it is, is about the money the sales staff brings into the office
kelly:   whats going on
kevin:  jim is only giving raises to the salesmen.
kelly:  what the hell?! why are you being such a jerk?
oscar:  hold on, kelly. would it help you to know that jim thinks youre smart
kelly:  no!  how is that gonna repair ryans car?
dwight:  this is ridiculous! how could he do this to us?
jim:  okay, dwight, you know what? youd be getting the raise so
dwight:  what about all these people, huh?! how is it fair to them?
oscar:  exactly
kevin:  totally
oscar:  we work just as hard as the sales people. we deserve raises.
creed:  yes.
angela:  yes. they dont get em, if we dont get em
meredith:  my kid needs shoes! you want to tell him he doesnt get shoes?
kevin:  yeah.
dwight:  her kid needs shoes, jim
meredith:  what the hell?!
jim:  wow! im just gonna rewind and back off a bit, so…
michael:  that was good! that was good! okay, all right. well, we all know its hard to be a boss, right? you know what? look around you. these are your best friends. these are the people who will open their hearts to you. they all have heart-ons for you , and that is a gift. so in terms of gifts, we should be giving each other gifts. angela, yes, lend oscar a cup of sugar. this
angela:  what are you talking about michael
stanley:  we just need to hear your plan for our raise.
michael:  my plan– a man– panama.
andy:  thats not how that goes.
meredith:  youre not saying anything. at least jim was being direct
jim:  thank you, meredith.
meredith:  …when he was telling us his dumbass plan.
oscar:  we would just like to know whats happening. are we getting a raise, yes or no
michael:  alright! let me get this clear! does everybody want a raise?  alright, everyone wants a raise, so what were going to do is go into here, and we will not come out until we do.
oscar:  again, that gives us no information.
phyllis:  this isnt a game, you know? its our livelihood!
michael:  what about a raise based on merit?
jim:  rank each person individually
michael:  mm-hmm. piece of cake. ryan, obviously the best.
jim:   well, obviously. too bad hes a temp and doesnt count, so lets get started.
michael:  are you making a
jim:  nope. im numbering the paper.
oscar:   just
kevin:  yeah, i dont understand how they can even consider giving money to some people and not the rest of us.
angela:  its not like were not gonna see the checks. were in accounting!
meredith:  i am so pissed at this company
dwight:   and jim
meredith:  yeah. who said that
dwight:  i think it was creed.
creed:  yep.
jim:   its going really well, actually
jim:   each boston baked bean represents half a percent raise. we each got 24 beans, so the idea is, you place the bean on the picture  of who you think deserv– whos that?
michael:  toby
jim:  hes not a part of this. you know that.
michael:  just wanted to draw a picture of him.
jim:  okay, your move.
michael:  alright! who to pick?  who to pick?
jim:  here we go.
michael:  i… will skip a turn.
jim:  okay, youre gonna still have to play that bean. you know that
michael:  i need more time.
erin:  wallace sent an e-mail about a meeting next week. he wants you both to respond. 
dwight:  people are starting to notice how terrible jim is. its great. eventually, theyll rise up and revolt. my only hope is that they do it sooner rather than later. if the people here were our founding fathers, the revolutionary war would have been delayed ten years, because stanley washington was napping, and phyllis hancock was still signing the declaration, and kevin jefferson was distracted by a butterfly.
dwight:  come on in. thats right. come in, feast your eyes. they determine our worth by putting beans upon our faces
oscar:  what the hell?
dwight:  things were not this bad when just michael was manager.
michael:  hey, what are you guys doing in here?
kevin:  what does a bean mean
pam:  why arent there any beans on this very old, frizzy-haired picture of me
kevin:  michael, what does a bean mean
pam:  jim
jim:  i was just trying to be unbiased
kevin:  what does a bean mean?
oscar:  someone please explain it to kevin.
meredith:  why cant you? my time is just as valuable as yours
phyllis:  not according to the beans.
angela:  this is how you make this important decision
andy:  theres no way that stanley gets more beans than me.  that is ridiculous. this is how it works. 
phyllis:  its not so much that i might not get a raise. its just demeaning
andy:  thank you! that is exactly– by the way, i would also like a raise
phyllis:  yeah, i would, too.
dwight:  are we idiots?  what right does jim have to claim authority, hmm? is he as good a salesman as i? is he as matronly as phyllis? there are moments where we can affect change. for a few seconds every decade, we exist, and these are those seconds! let us storm his castle! come on! tick– lets get him. tock– lets get jim! tick– and drag jim out of his office! tock– take his keys away from him! tick– thats a clock! the time is getting very close! its now or never! what say you?
phyllis:  i say no.
dwight:  no, i mean, what do you say to my plan?  okay
michael: 
kevin:  what does a bean mean
michael:   how you doing
jim:  uh, on a scale of one to ten, id say im about a four
michael:  oh, what are you usually
jim:  six. you
michael:  usually a ten, but im feeling like a zero.
jim:  i mean, a performance-based raise sounded like a good idea, right
michael:  i know, i know.
jim:  we tried to find the fairest way to do it.
michael:  yes, we did.
jim:  i just– what
michael:  um, nothing. i just… i used to have to do this part alone, and it was the worst. i have something i would like to give you.
phyllis:  michael
kevin:  michael
phyllis:  come on! this isnt fair
jim:   michaels my only friend left in the office. except pam… i think. is she still upset
phyllis:   michael, you cannot just keep avoiding us like this
jim:   thank you
michael:  youre welcome.
jim:  whats in here
michael:  gin.
jim:  ooh
michael:   just pretend were not here.
ryan:  heard you guys are looking for cash for the wedding
pam:  yeah, i mean, if its all the same for you.
ryan:  question for you. would you guys rather have $100 now, or $5,000 a year from now
pam:  $100 now for sure
ryan:  because you just give me $50 to cover the broker fee, i put in a hundred of my own money as the gift…
pam:  yeah. no, no, ill um– the hundred. ill just take the hundred
ryan:  instead of $5,000 a year from now
pam:  how sure is this?
pam:  the guy has an algorithm to determine the winner of any given college basketball game.
pam:   dont tell jim.
