pam:  im sorry. you guys have probably noticed my stomachs a little more sensitive lately. so, if you wouldnt mind wearing a little less perfume… and if your lunch is especially pungent, maybe have it in the break room
jim:  we would really appreciate it.
dwight:  pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy. if she eats something the fetus doesnt like she is screwed. its amazing. a three ounce fetus is calling the shots. its so bad ass.
pam:  phyllis, if you could switch to a different soap, just for a month or two? yours is kind of perfumy
phyllis:  now this is getting ridiculous
dwight:  oh, gee, im sorry. i guess i missed the meeting where we all all voted for you to get pregnant. no! i reserve the right to peel my hard-boiled eggs at my desk
meredith:  all morning i look forward to my afternoon cigars and im not stopping for anyone.
pam:  i dont think im asking for too much. i guess its just the end of courtesy in the workplace.
andy:   watching people get sick always makes me sick. and… frankly so does talking about it. so… wow…
michael:   what do you think? i spent all morning on it
jim:  it is really special
pam:  yeah, but arent you supposed to do that to our… no. its great
michael:  its just a really important day for me
jim:  well, congrats
michael:  thanks.
erin:  dunder mifflin scranton will be closed today and friday for a company wedding in niagara falls. so, please leave a message and well get back to you as soon as possible. have a great day.
jim:  believe it or not, kevin, fire crackers are in the dont column
kevin:  so… youre going to provide them, then
jim:  no. this is a fire cracker free wedding
kevin:  what the hell
dwight:  come on. youve got to be kidding me
pam:  ok. all of these things are important to remember but the most important thing is no one say anything about my pregnancy at the wedding
jim:  absolutely. ‘cause not everyone knows and some people may be offended
angela:  decent people everywhere will get offended
pam:  well, were thinking of my grandmother who we havent told and is very old-fashioned
angela:  well, youre lucky you have a grandmother. some of us have to be our own grandmothers
jim:  thats nice
pam:  you know, angela, you dont have to come to the wedding
angela:  really, pam…
michael:  yes she does. yes she does. were all gonna go and were gonna have a good time.
angela:  ow! he pinched me
michael:  no
pam:  next time were all in this room jim and i will be married
dwight:  well see
pam:  thank you, dwight
jim:  good-bye
pam:  see you later.
michael:  and, hey, dont embarrass me when we go to niagara
andy:  what happens in niagara, stays in niagara.
michael:  dont. dont. dont. you stole my joke. dont steal my joke
andy:  no… i didnt steal your joke
michael:  yes. i said that yesterday
dwight:  but you can say that about anything
michael:  dwight…
dwight:  what happens in accounting, stays in accounting
kevin:  oh yeah
michael:  no. no. no. please, please. dwight, thats my joke
dwight:  its easy. thats what im saying
michael:  this is what im talking about. when we leave here and go up to niagara falls we are representing dunder mifflin, everyone. this is a very important wedding for the branch. the most important wedding until i get married. so, i want you all on your best behavior or so help me, god. so… i will see you up there in viagra falls!
michael:  pam and jims wedding will be the single best pick up destination in the history of the universe.
dwight:  i stole the guest list from jims desk and i search engined every female on both sides of the family
michael:  get out of here
dwight:  yes
michael:  oh, my god, dwight
dwight:  for instance, pams cousin, jocelyn webster
michael:  theres… a name
dwight:  two years ago she was selling a mountain bike
michael:  oh. well, tell me about jocelyn
dwight:  well… she was really into mountain biking but not so much lately
micheal:  ok
dwight:  she had a couple hundred dollars to spend, i mean, if she was able to sell her bike
michael:  is that all you have on her
dwight:  well, if this is in fact her because it is a very common name
michael:  youre an idiot.
kevin:  people dont think of me as one of the sharper dressers in the office… but im going ot turn that around at this wedding. i thought, how could i take it to the next level? the hair.  its the hair–  ok. ok. im going.  god.
andy:   hey, do one of you guys want to sit up front with me so i have someone to talk to?its like a five hour drive-ish, you know
kelly:  this is so much cooler. we feel like werre in a limo and youre our driver
andy:  mmm-hmm. erin
erin:  oh no. that wouldnt be fair to leave kelly alone in back.
andy:  not only is erin really sweet and cute… she smells like my mom.
pam:   hey, my aunt told me something neat
jim:  yeah
pam:  she said everything with the wedding goes by so fast we should try to take mental pictures of the high points
jim:  oh, wow. thats cool
pam:  yeah
jim:   click. oh, you blinked. damn it. now thats in my brain forever
pam:  oh
jim:  lousy picture
pam:  we should have hired a professional to take our mental pictures.
michael:   oh! god! wow! oh. i was asleep
dwight:  what? no way
michael:  those glasses are super dark
dwight:  oh. god
michael:  alright. we need some tunes, i think
dwight:  you know what? i made you a cd
michael:  you did
dwight:  mmm-hmm
michael:  that was nice of you
dwight:  this is to play when you bring a woman back to your hotel room
michael:  oh, very thoughtful. a little mix to set the mood. delightful. pop that in
dwight:  youre gonna like this.  “hello. this is dwight schrute. if you are listening to this you are a lucky woman michael has seduced. ah to be in your shoes. ‘whats next?, youre probably wondering. dont be scared of youre night in heaven–”
michael:  are you serious? you want me to play that for a woman coming to my room
dwight:  yeah. its practical
michael:  no. no. thats not how it works.
jim:  niagara falls used to be, like, a spiritual experience for people. they stayed in tents and it blew their minds. its really kitchy now, which is a lot of fun.
jim:  and beesly. tonight were in two seperate rooms and tomorrow night is the honeymoon suite
jim:  i know. were pretty excited, too
pam:  can we take a look at the suite now
pam:  oh… is there another wedding at the hotel this weekend
andy:  hey. i got the room the night before you guys. ill break in the bed.
jim:  i dont like that
pam:  im gonna need the name and cell phone number of the housekeeper responsible for changing the sheets, please.
michael:  hello. reservation for michael scott
dwight:  the proximity to the falls makes everything smell like a basement
michael:  mmm-hmm
michael:  i dont have a reservation but i want a room in the halpert-beesly block of rooms
dwight:  dwight schrute. i have a reservation. confirmation number: romeo. tango. g7745
dwight:  and i had spoken to teresa about a room with two safes
dwight:  ok
michael:  dwight. dwight, dwight. i need to stay in your room
dwight:  no way. what if i meet someone
michael:  im staying in your–come on, dwight
dwight:  no. no
michael:  i would do the same for you
dwight:  you would
michael:  yes
dwight:  really
michael:  yes… just go
dwight:  wait a second. oh. no, no, no. this must be some kind of mistake. this reservation seems to be under an m. scott. this must be yours
michael:  oh. thank god
dwight:  oh no. now that i dont have a room, can i stay with you
michael:  um… no. and you know what? i would say yes but you cant. and ill tell you why
dwight:  please
michael:  if i have a woman up there and things are getting amorous, shes going to get turned off if she looks in he bathroom and sees you brushing your teeth with butter and clay
dwight:  mmm-hmm
michael:  ok
dwight:  ok. ok. a-ha-ha!  that was a test. you have failed. for this is my room. you would not share with me
michael:  i dont have a room
dwight:  no you do not
michael:  ok. ‘oooh. you must pass the dungeon wisdom test
dwight:  it worked
michael:  jerk.
michael:  when mary was denied a room at the inn… jesus was born. when michael was denied a room at the inn, we dont know what happens because that story hasnt been told yet.
stanley:  mr. and mrs. stanley hudson
michael:  hey. stanley? can i stay in your room tonight
stanley:  are you crazy? i brought cynthia with me
michael:  not in the same bed. in the other bed
stanley:  i got one queen size bed
michael:  you… are… kidding me
stanley:  a queen size bed is five feet wide. i am not five feet wide, michael
michael:  im not a physics major, stanley. im just saying be careful. hey, guys. hey. could i stay in your room tonight
erin:  oh. gross
kelly:  blow my brains out
michael:  thats rude
toby:  michael, i have one extra twin bed, if you want
michael:  you are going to be slepping by yourself for the rest of your life, so you just get used to it.
mr. halpert:  so, which one is pams grandma
pam:  oh, mema? shes the one in the teal suit. shes the only 80 year old with no smile wrinkles
jim:  dad, remember, no mention of the baby, right
mr. halpert:  no
michael:  yeah, yeah, yeah. shes very conservative. so, mums the word
jim:  mom, dad. this is michael scott
mr. halpert:  oh
michael:  how ya doin
mr. halpert:  hi
michael:  nice to meet you
mr. halpert:  nice to meet you
michael:  whos doing a toast? i would like to go third. sort of bat clean up and
jim:  michael, i thought we discussed that we would rather you not speak, like, at all. because its just going to be blood relatives, i think
michael:  that is seriously going to impeed my ability to hook up with your female relatives
jim:  pretty sure everyone heard that
michael:  didnt move my lips.
pam:  hey, mema
mema:  i wasnt sure about your branch of the family. after i heard about your parents divorce. but you and jim are just perfect. god bless you
pam:  oh. thank you… but nobodys perfect
mema:  well… i wouldnt care to live if i thought that.
jim:  mr. beesly. how are ya
mr. beesly:  id like you to meet christy kelly
jim:  oh. is this, uh, is this your niece
mr. beesly:   no no. shes my girlfriend. hey? can you make room at the head table?
dwight:  from quarter three to quarter four up 17 percent, while his sales down two percent. its all in the report
little girl:  why would they make the bad man a boss if youre so much smarter
dwight:  excellent question. because while i was busy trying to improve the company and make it a success, jim… the bad man was busy kissing the boss mans butt
kids:  ewwww
dwight:  thats right. it is ew. it is very ew.
pam:  oscar, kevin, this is my sister, penny. shes also my maid of honor
oscar:  pleased to meet you
penny:  im sorry, its kevin. i thought it was gil
kevin:  she thought i was your boyfriend
oscar:  you thought i was dating this? what the hell is wrong with you
pam:  oscar, it was an honest mistake
oscar:  him? him
kevin:  oscar, i would be proud to date you
penny:  im sorry
kevin:  im not gay. im kevin
penny:  nice to meet you, kevin
kevin:  yes
oscar:  you owe me and apology
penny:  im so sorry
kevin:  are you seeing anyone right now
pam:  she has a boyfriend. hes out of town
kevin:  cool.
ryan:   i was the youngest vp in the company history
meredith:  more recently, he worked in a bowling alley. tell her one of your funny bowling alley stories
ryan:  um… also–
andy:  how did meredith get put at the young peoples table
kevin:  she probably switched cards with someone. like i did with erin
andy:  what? youre kid– thats– youre–
isabel:  jim and pam, i cant tell you how happy i am to be here
michael:  head table, where i belong
dwight:  its just for family
michael:  well, whos that one
dwight:  isabel poreba. oh, ive got stuff on her.  in 1996 her tenth grade volleyball team went 10-2
michael:  what am i supposed to do with that, dwight
dwight:  thats a very good record.
pete:  alright, so ill be like, ‘youre so sweet guys and so kind
tom:  thats when ill do the face, like
pete:  like, ‘what? what?. and then well just give him a little punch in the back and
tom:  a noogie
pete:  you know what? never too married for a noogie.
michael:  they have hilarious material and they are going to totally deliver it wrong. i would kill with the brother stuff. it should be me… up there. it should be me and pete, not pete and tom.
tom:  pam, youve got the greatest smile and youre body is really fine
pete:  smoking
tom:  hoping itll make our wives take it up a notch
pete:  a little mo cardio
michael:  thats not appropriate. hello. hi, everybody. i promised i wasnt gonna make a toast and im not going to. just going to do a little free standing comedy and if at the end everybody wants to raise their glasses to pam and jim, then so be it. hey, what is the deal with the smart car? how smart is that? those things are tiny. can you even drive them in traffic? ‘im so smart. e=mc… squared. i drive a smart car. thats not smart in my book. the real smart car is kitt from knight rider
dwight:  knight rider
michael:  thats a car that can talk. can smart car talk? nope
dwight:  no
michael:  thats not smart. and also, chitty chitty bang bang.
dwight:  very smart
michael:  and… you… everybody can laugh. it doesnt have to just be the idiots. everybody can laugh
jim:  no
michael:  yeah. go ahead
jim:  alright. hey, everyone. thanks for coming
pete:  douche
jim:  aw, thanks, pete. that was really nice. i just want to say how happy we are that all of you are here tonight. and i want to especially thank those of you who traveled from far away to be here with us tonight… especially the flordia cousins who, obviously, cant take a hint.  four years ago, i was just a guy who had a crush on a girl who had a boyfriend. and i had to do the hardest thing that ive ever had to do… which was just to wait. uh, dont get me wrong. i flirted with her. pam, i can now admit in front of my friends and family that i do know how to make a photo copy. didnt need your help that many times. and do you remember how long it took you to teach me how to drive a stick
pam:  like… a year
jim:  ive been driving stick since high school. so… yes. for a really long time thats all i had. i just had little moments with a girl who saw me as friend. and a lot of people told me i was crazy to wait this long for a date with a girl who i worked with, but i think even then i knew that… i was waiting for my wife. so…i would like to propose a toast. so if youd all raise your glasses. not pam, for obvious reasons, but everyone else. if you would raise your glasses
mema:  whats obvious? why cant pam drink
jim:  pam cant drink? i didnt– i shouldnt have said that. i dont know why i did. she can do whatever she wants, though she shouldnt. she shouldnt because shes an alcoholic. pam is an alcoholic. thats not true. i– no. what we want– the real reason is that, that pams pregnant
michael:   ok. ok. hey. what i think jim is trying to say is that… they had an accident and you know what? these two people, theyre living together, theyre having lots of consentual sex
mema:  they were living together
michael:  yes. yes they were living together. yes and you know what? you cant expect them to be careful every time. because, frankly, its just a different sensation
jim:  michael
michael:  when you c– well? am i wrong? they say its not different, but its a different sensation
jim:  oh, my god. please
michael:  when you use something to block– i think everybody knows what i am talking about. its not necessarily different for the woman
pam:  michael
michael:  …but its different for the– ok. ok
pam:  michael. stop
michael:  alright. my point is i said what i wanted to say and mema, i hope you heard every word
jim:  alright
michael:  jim
jim:  to waiting
everyone:   to waiting.
mema:  i should have known. the hotels television set had a movie on called “bruno” last night. the remote control had so darn many buttons on it, i couldnt turn it off. so i had to just sit there while it happened to me. i wondered, ‘how could they pick such a hotel? hmmm. now i know
pam:  mema.
michael:  that was a little touch and go at first but i think we saved it
jim:  i cant believe it was me
michael:  i know. i cant believe it was you, either. i actually think it takes a lot of pressure off of me
jim:  is there something about being a manager that makes you say stupid things
michael:  i have not found that to be the case
pam:  hey, smooth guys
jim:  im so sorry
michael:  can you believe it? he screwed up, not me
pam:  memas not coming to the wedding. shes leaving tomorrow morning
jim:  oh, my god. are you serious
michael:  theres gonna be a free room?
michael:  hi, mema. its michael
mema:  oh. youre that foul guy that kept talking about intercourse
michael:  yes. yep. one in the same. may i?
michael:  i am actually great with old women. in fact, for the longest time, my best friend was my grandma… and then she met harriet and now she thinks shes better than everybody.
mema:  i want to go to bed but i cant. i cant turn that television off
michael:  oh. ok. well… hook you up, there.
mema:  oh. thank you
michael:  youre welcome
mema:  it was that horrible charlie rose
michael:  oh. isnt he terrible? may i? heres the thing. umm… mema, i think you just need to chill out about this whole pam getting pregnant thing. its not 1890 anymore. its modern day. and women have sex before marriage and i think we need to celebrate that. and i know in your day she would be considered a whore but, now, women go out and they have sex and they get wild and they take their tops off and they have pictures taken of them and we need to encouage them. thats part of life
mema:  people are like cats and dogs these days
michael:  exactly
mema:  this used to be such a great country
michael:  i know
mema:  i dont know what happened to it
michael:  theyre gonna name the baby after you, you know. theyre gonna call it mema
mema:  you mean, sylvia
michael:  yes, and if its a boy they will call it sylvio.
andy:  partay. room 639
kevin:  yes
andy:  chicks are gonna be off the hook. guys, too, oscar. like calvin klein models
kevin:  that sounds epic. can we bring anything
andy:  nothing. except $40 for beer and any hot chicks you know. ‘cause that would help me deliver on some promises i made. woo!
andy:  no one from the office has been to a real bernard throw down.
andy:  if i was girl, i would seriously reconsdier coming to this party. but dont tell anyone that i said that, cause i want them to come.
angela:  and where do you think youre going
pam:  i was just going to go down to the hotel bar for a little bit
angela:  well, why dont i just save you some time and kick you in the stomach instead
pam:  i just wanted to get out of my room for a little while
angela:  mmm-hmm. ok. ill go with you. come on
pam:   nevermind
angela:  are you sure
pam:  yeah
angela:  itll be fun
pam:  no.
michael:  what are you wearing
dwight:  what? its a casual, social outfit
michael:  looks like youre going to a fish fry, dwight
dwight:  no. theyre howling at the moon. its suggestive to women because of the howling during sex
michael:  ok.  thats not appropriate.  uncool. uncool, dwight.  ok. ok. come on. lets go. 
kevin:  its a good idea
oscar:  its not a good idea. theres no such thing as a good hairpiece
kevin:  yeah. but thats easy enough for you to say, oscar. you have that thick, beautiful, chicano hair. so nice.
dwight:  im just worried about the farm, ya know? mose hates to geld the horses by himself
michael:  dwight, dwight. shut up about the farm. its not relatable. nobody owns a farm
isabel:  wait. youre worried about your horses? thats cool. how many horses do you have
dwight:  nine and three-quarters.
dwight:  i invented a device called ‘burger on the go. it allows you to obtain 6 regular size hamburgers, or 12 sliders, from a horse without killing the animal. george foreman is still considering it. sharper image is still considering it. sky malls considering it. hammacher schlemer is still considering it. sears said, ‘no.
michael:   toy story, finding nemo, up. i ball the entire time. i can not watch pixar
dwight:  michael
michael:  yes
dwight:  drop this one. abort
michael:  why
dwight:  i found twins
michael:  oh, my god. twins. im sorry. you understand. nice to meet you.
dwight:  arent they magnificent
michael:  theyre men, dwight
dwight:  i love finding a good set of twins
michael:  something is wrong with you.
erin:   go meredith. nice moves
andy:  you call that a robot? try being more robotic, ok? like this
kelly:  lame! what else you got, andy
andy:  how about a little bit of this
erin:  oh yeah. what else you got
kevin:  what else you got
andy:  did someone change my name to baskin robbin? because i feel like a banana split. woo!
erin:  what else you got?
kevin:  its gonna be fine. its gonna be fine. pams here.  pam?
andy:  i was dancing and i did a split and i landed on my car keys in my pocket
pam:  what
andy:  i tore my scrotum. i need you to take me to the hospital.
pam:  andy, i am getting married in 8 hours
andy: everyone else is too drunk.just dont let me die here
pam:   hey, hey! where are you?can you take andy to the hospital
jim:   what
pam:  he tore his scrotum dancing
jim:   what
pam:  he is in my room icing his balls
jim:   what
pam:  please stop saying what.can you take him
jim:  look, i would so take him in any other circumstance, but im pretty certain im completely wasted
pam: your brothers took you out drinking
jim:  uh
michael:  is that pam?hey, have her come out!have her come out!it would be like coyote ugly
pam:  thats michael.youre out with michael
jim:   and dwight
dwight:   hey-o
jim:  pam, it just happened
pam:  okay, fine.ill take him
jim:  i love you.okay, i gotta–i gotta go
michael:   i love you!
pam:  are you pushing me off the phone
jim:  no. lets talk for a long time
pam:  goodbye. 
michael:  mmm!its after midnight.
dwight:  congratulations
jim:  thats not how that works
dwight:  oh my goodness
michael:  oh my god.youre not going to be able to talk back
dwight: youll have pam to answer to
michael: shell be sitting home saying, “jim… take the baby to the zoo cause i want to sit at home and eat bon-bons.” “and… and clip my toenails.
dwight:  “jim… hey why dont you braid my hair.i want to watch tv.
michael: now you sound like kermit.
andy: are you sure this is the right way
pam: nope.i, like you, have never been here before
andy:  well, at least slow down a little bit because every little bump in the road is major pain on… my scrotum
pam: look, im not the one who asked you to do a split when youve never done one before
andy: i was trying to liven things up a little bit.i was kinda doing your job so
pam:  my job?my job is to get married in the morning.thats my job
andy: well its also to make sure that we have a great time at your stupid wedding, so
andy:   ow, ow!
andy:   i spent the night with the bride the night before the wedding.ah yeah.she stepped on my hand on her way to the bathroom
pam:  andy, did i dream that you were crying through the night
andy:  no.no that was real.
michael:   why dont you take a picture.itll last longer.god.cant i get a little privacy?
hotel employee:   good morning.how can i help you
kevin: i left a pair of dress shoes in a bag outside my door last night to be cleaned at polished, but they havent been returned yet
hotel employee:  youmust be mr. malone.one moment please
kevin:  thank you
hotel employee:   sir.its the man with the shoes
hotel manager:  mr. malone.your shoes are gone
kevin:  they were stolen
hotel manager:  no. destroyed.
kevin:  what
hotel manager:  the bag was opened by our shoe shine and the smell overcame him.i too smelled them and made the choice that they must be thrown away.incinerated actually
kevin: but that was my only pair of shoes
hotel manager:  it became a safety issue, sir
kevin: well… well damn-it
hotel employee:  i can offer you a complimentary breakfast
kevin: okay.
dwight:  you have everything
isabel: hmm-hmm
dwight:  cell phone?charger
isabel: yeah.so you sure you dont want breakfast?its the most important meal of the day
dwight: it really is.im not hungry.i ate a whole bunch of sunflower seeds after you went to sleep.and besides, i wouldnt want to take you away from pam on the morning of her wedding.she needs you isabel
isabel: thats really sweet, dwight.so ill see you at the wedding
dwight:  you know it
isabel:  k
dwight: okay, get out of here
isabel:  bye
dwight:  okay
michael:   hey, good morning. its about damn time.i havent gone to the bathroom in a day and a half.oh my god, dwight.this room is a pit
dwight:   really?i hadnt noticed.too busy knocking boots.
michael:  how can you eat like that
dwight: im ravenous after a night of love making.you
michael: yeah, im hungry, but im not going to make a pig out of myself
dwight: hey, what was she like
michael: she was cute.you know?she was hot.she was very hot.she made love like a tiger
dwight: brides side or grooms side?or townie
michael:  she was from europe
dwight: no kidding
michael:  uh-huh
dwight: i bet she had hairy armpits
michael:  no.
dwight:  isabel was nice, but i hope she doesnt think this is going anywhere
michael:  wait a second.youre not into her?are you kidding me
dwight:  no
michael: shes pams best friend.you guys could double date.swap maybe
dwight:  oh please.put a gun in my mouth
michael: no… youre crazy
dwight: look.shes a dental hygienist from carbondale and she makes love like one.shes a bumpkin.pass
michael: shes– okay.do you know how hard it is to be a hygienist?you have to take x-rays.you have to scrape the plaque off of peoples teeth.you have to tell kids when to spit and make sure theyre not scared when the dentist comes in.it– it
dwight: you should ask her out
michael: i already have my european girlfriend.
stanley: if your hat hits me in the face one more time
phyllis: thats funny.your wife loved this hat the last time she saw it. 
angela:   oh my god
oscar:  oh…
kevin:  oscar.angela.
erin: are you in a lot of pain
andy: oh cause of last night?no way.reports have been exaggerated.weddings make me very emotional.i um–i just have that side to me
erin: people say you cry all the time
andy: well thats not
meredith: crotch injuries are the worst.you dont need to tell me
andy: i wasnt telling you
meredith: is there still something there
andy: excuse me
meredith: it didnt get torn off
andy: no, it didnt–nothing got torn off.who told you that?
jim: i may have told some people that.im nervous.im about to get married.
erin: if you want to sit on this–  i was thinking the wood might be too hard on your damaged penis.make it softer
andy: it was my scrotum.um, and it was.thank you
michael:  oh, here we go.they asked for cash, but you know… i give them cash every week, so– how much cash does a person need?i have taken it upon myself to do something a little more special.i have painted a portrait of the two of them from memory.and i have another one of them in the nude.but that one is for me.
dwight: i got them a set of turtle boiling pots, a shell hammer and bibs.
penny:  is it zipping over your belly? dont squish the baby
pam:  thank you weirdo
pam’s mom: everybody see kristies stupid blonde extensions?its like they were made from a plastic broom
pam: okay, here i come.
pam’s mom: oh darling!you look beautiful
pam: thanks mom
pam’s mom: oh, i hope he deserves you
pam: he does
pam’s mom: are you sure?remember you dont have to do this.you dont
penny:  mom, youre totally projecting.youre being a drag
pam: yes. thank you, mom
isabel: hey, im going to go outside and talk to dwight
pam:  okay great. yeah, ill see you in a second. wait, what?  oh! oh no!
jim:   hey!
pam:  can you come here please
jim: is this allowed
pam:  no.no, but im allowing it.just come here.
dwight:  that was an intelligent comment
isabel:  hello stranger.how do i look
dwight:  oh.fine.isabel,  nice to see you.what do you want
isabel:  um…  nothing.anymore
dwight:   so, uh tell me again the difference between filenes and filenes basement
michael:   hey, hey… hes not sitting with me either.where are you sitting?you need a seat buddy
isabel: im standing.im a bridesmaid
michael:  oh, i wish i was a bridesmaid.where am i gonna go?
pam:  hey
jim: wow.you look
pam:  terrible
jim: so beautiful.  hey
pam:  my veil tore.i knew when we were getting married and im five months pregnant that im not going to be able to wear the dress that i always wanted or high heels
jim:   hey.you look just as i imagined you would.pam, youre so pretty
pam:   thank you
jim:  and who cares?its a stupid veil, right
pam: no, this was the one thing i was supposed to be able to control, was this veil and–
jim:  there.now were even
pam:   everyones driving me crazy.i know way too much about andys scrotum. and my mom wont stop freaking out about my dads new girlfriend. this is supposed to be our wedding day.why did we invite all these people?
phyllis: i think pam ran away because she knew deep downshe wouldnt be a good wife
angela:  yes.
oscar:  what are you doing
kevin: im trying to decide if i have time to pee
oscar: how long do you take to pee
kevin: the peeing is fast, oscar.its getting my tie back on.
michael:  hey.hi.do you–would you have a snack in your purse?youre a mom.i just figured you might have
pam’s mom:  oh, yeah
michael:  oh!eww… apricot.do you have any of the very berry or ocean splash or
pam’s mom:  no
michael:  oh… okay.were you saving it
pam’s mom:  oh, no, no, no.thats okay.i was just–ive had a very rough weekend
michael: im sorry.  ugh.apricot.made of real apes.
erin: do you think they canceled the wedding
angela:  relax.youll get your shot at jim.those two treat the whole office like a 1970s key party.
michael: my weekend was bad so far
pam’s mom:  oh
michael: i came here hoping to meet somebody.you know, as you do at weddings.end up going to sleep by the vending machine.it was loud, but it was warm
pam’s mom:  oh that sounds awful
michael:  and… and the love of my life is dating somebody else
pam’s mom:  oh
michael: it is a terrible year for love
pam’s mom:  yeah.guess it is
michael: im thinking about having my sperm frozen
tom halpert: excuse me, are you michael scott
michel:  um, yeah
tom:  heard you might have a whoopee cushion on you
pete halpert: sisters in the can and we totally want to get her when she comes back
michael:  oh, wow.that sounds hilarious.i do actually. there you go.use it in good health
tom and pete:  yes!
meredith:  whoa, whoa.wait a minute.what is the etiquette on taking the gifts?can you only take your own back or is it a whatever you can carry type of thing
stanley: anyone have anything they want to trade for a toaster
kevin: oh, oh, does it have slots for hot dogs
stanley:  no
kevin: who would want it
oscar: guys, maybe we should wait a little more time before we start grabbing boxes.
dwight: toby
toby: what
dwight: id like to lodge a formal complaint against jim for making us wait for over an hour
toby: 
dwight:  crap.come here you
toby: well i guess this weddings not going to happen.i wonder if this is it for them.
pam’s dad: hey.what happened?
ryan: where were you guys?do you know how long ive been waiting here?
jim: well we are here now, so lets just
michael:  yes! yes!i have so much joy…in my heart… right now.how do i look
jim: you look great
pam: you look great.
tom:  wear a tie much?
penny:  i begged them not to
pam: mm-hmm
penny: i know you specifically put this song on your do not play list
pam: yes i did
penny: im sorry
pam:  go ahead.i think its your turn
penny: wait, what happened?youre okay with this
pam: yeah, im okay
penny:  okay then!
michael:  hey pam, did you see this? it was on you tube
pam:  saw it.
jim: i bought those boat tickets the day i saw that you tube video.i knew wed need a back-up plan.the boat was actually plan c.the church was plan b and plan a was marrying her a long, long time ago.pretty much the day i met her.
kevin: what an awesome party.the best wedding ive ever been too.i got six numbers.one more would have been a complete telephone number.this was epic.my kleenex shoes were a huge conversation piece, but man my dogs are barking.whoo.my feet were so sweaty i cant even feel the cold.what a lovely hotel.
