michael:  the fundamentals of business. the funda-mentals of business. “mental” is part of the word, i have underlined it. because youre mental, if you dont have a good time. you have to enjoy it
toby:  well the “fun” is in it. 
michael:  get out
toby:   yeah, i know
michael:  yes. so, it all starts with a handshake.but you cant just go right to the selling, you need “small talk.”what topics can you use for small talk
andy:  golf.
michael:  mmhm
andy:  stock market
michael:  mmhm
andy:  dave matthews
michael:  yes, what else
creed:  uh, small things. peas, ball bearings, dimes…
michael:  no
meredith:  the weekend
michael:  yeah! thats good! come on up! meredith, come up here. lets do a little something. so meredith and i have just started conversing and i will say, “so meredith, how was your weekend, what did you do?
meredith:  well i caught my son taking a dump on the upper part of the toilet.
michael:  all right…
meredith:  he calls it an upper decker.
michael:  okay, okay. god. what you people dont know about business, i could fill a book with
ryan:  then do it
michael:  what
ryan:  write a book.
michael:   the fundamentals of business by michael scott. over one billion sold. more than the bible, im not surprised. chapter one. the businessman…
erin:   mr. grotti, this is michael scott. hes the person you should talk to
michael:  oh hi. im sorry, just a sec.  erin, youre supposed to be the gatekeeper, do you have any idea how valuable my time is
erin:  in your schedule it just says nine til noon is “creative space” and i thought this could be part of that
michael:  do you know how creative space works? okay i just cancelled my afternoon
erin:  you dont have anything in the afternoon. it just says “free play.
michael:  push free play til tomorrow morning.  hi. sorry. crazy day. youre seeing how the sausage gets made.
grotti:  ah
michael:  come in the conference room and i will show you a finished sausage.
grotti:  as a manager of business, you have a lot of pride.
michael:  mmhm
grotti:  but you also got a lot of responsibility
michael:  yep.
grotti:  none greater perhaps, than your need to be sure, that your small or large business is secure in the event of a covered loss
michael:  okay.
michael:  there is nothing more insulting to a great salesman, than having to listen to a bad salesman. its like a great basketball player having to listen to a bad basketball player.
kevin:  jims gone on his honeymoon. so i started borrowing his office to fart in. then one day i came in and i just stayed. cause this place is awesome. it feels like home now. even better than my home. my home sucks.
andy:  what do you think
dwight:  i think youre right. it definitely looks suspicious. and his southern italian heritage raises some flags
grotti:  god forbid you…should have a fire in the warehouse
michael:  oh yup. yeah, definitely. all that paper burning up
grotti:  yeah, and a truck, goes off the side of the road, theres injury
michael:  mmhm, i hear you. the truck
grotti:  you will be hearing from me mr. scott.
michael:  okay, well
grotti:  i can be very very persistent.
michael:  do your worst.
michael:   oh, great
grotti:  would you look at that people? what an unpredictable world we live in, huh?
michael:  mmhm.
andy:  what happened in there
michael:  nothing, other than once again, i am just thankful that i am a paper salesman
dwight:  did he threaten you
michael:  no dwight, not everything is a threat
andy:  mobsters are
michael:  there is no such things as monsters
andy:  he drives an suv
dwight:  i knew it! more trunk space. or should i say, corpse space
oscar:  hey guys, i drive a suv, does that mean im in the mob
dwight:  no, not that, by itself. but look at all the facts. he seems like a mobster
michael:  wait, when did we start talking about the mob? the guy was trying to sell me insurance
andy:  all mobsters have a front, sometimes its selling insurance, sometimes its waste management or sanitation
oscar:  for the record, not all italian-americans are in the mafia
michael:  i think, he just seemed like he was just trying to sell me insurance
andy:  yeah, buy my insurance or ill burn your warehouse down
dwight:  exactly.
michael:  he did talk about a fire in the warehouse…and he also vaguely threatened me with testicular cancer
oscar:  uhh. all right, who else is here? 
oscar:  pam and jim are on their honeymoon. so theres not the usual balance between “sane and others.” toby has mentally checked out since june. its a very dangerous time. the “coalition for reason” is extremely weak.
toby:  oscar says i checked out huh?huh. 
michael:   hey, hey hey, calm down. calm down. calm down.ryan, you lived in new york, what do you think
ryan:  well first of all, there is no such thing as ‘the mafia.
michael:  okay
ryan:  what you have are specific families. whats the guys last name
michael:  um it is, grotti
andy and dwight:   oh no. fabulous
oscar:  what? what
andy:  its john gotti, you idiot
oscar:  its, its a completely different name
phyllis:  so he wont get caught
andy:  yeah. its pretty close
oscar:  no, what are you talking about, what mobster would change his name from gotti to grotti. it weakens it
dwight:  no i disagree. “r” is among the most menacing of sounds. thats why they call it “murder.” and not “muck-duck.
michael:  okay too many different words coming at me from too many different sentences
dwight:  lock your door
michael:  im not gonna lock my door.
jim:  hello
oscar:  jim? its oscar. im so sorry to be calling you on your honeymoon.
jim:  oscar! uh, what is going on
oscar:  its michael, he thinks hes being shaken down by the mob. i dont know how you usually handle this.
jim:  look, were in puerto rico, so
pam:  hey oscar.its pam. hey. were on our honeymoon
oscar:  pam, im sorry
pam:  unless someone very close to us is in immediate physical danger, you should not be calling us
oscar:  youre right. youre right.  oh, okay bye.
michael:  its grotti. hes following up
andy:  already? this, this guy is persistent
michael:   “i feel that you will regret missing this great opportunity to be in business.
dwight:  thats bad.
michael:  yeah
dwight:  thats bad
michael:  yeah. what are my options here? do i just ignore it, or
andy:  yeah right! you heard him! hes gonna burn down the warehouse or run one of our trucks off the road
michael:  okay, im calling the police.
andy:   that is the stupidest thing you could do right now
dwight:  hes right. cops cant do anything until a crime has been reported
michael:  all right
andy:  not only that, but if they find out you snitched, you get a dead horses chopped off head in your bed
michael:  shh
dwight:  you know what
michael:  thats not gonna happen
dwight:  thats an exaggeration
andy:  thats how it works!
michael:  what am i supposed to do here
andy:  when somebody threatens you, you give in right away. okay you need to buy insurance from this guy and get him off your bac
michael:  i was thinking exactly the same thing
dwight:  no, criminals are like raccoons. okay, you give em a taste of cat food pretty soon theyll be back for the whole cat
andy: dwight…
dwight:  the only way to defeat a bully is to stand up to him. trust me, i have bullied a lot of people
michael:  i dont know, i dont know about that
andy:  wait lets hear him out, this is interesting
dwight:  heres what we do. we meet him in a public place. ask him to lunch or something like that, some place he cant be openly violent.
andy:  okay
dwight:  let him know youre not the typical kind of guy that he can shake down. that youre stubborn. that you might even be a little bit dangerous
andy:   i like this plan. id like to officially withdraw my plan
michael:  hold on, hold on! just
andy:  no, no, no. my plan is out! we do this the hard way
michael:  all right. i will meet with him, but im not going alone
andy:  well youre gonna have to.  dwight: well be right beside you
andy:  what?
michael:   what are you wearing? whos pat
andy:  well if im gonna back you up, i need a weapon without drawing suspicion, and i have to justify it somehow so, im a mechanic with a tire thing.
dwight:  do you know how to use it
andy:  to change tires, no. but its metal, i can hit somebody with it
michael:  lets go, come on.  god
andy:  should i change
dwight:  youre wearing loafers
michael:  forget it! forget it!
michael:   take that thing off the table! please
andy:  well then i cant use it. im just gonna hide it
dwight:  hey. bathroom checks out clean. nothing behind the toilet except for this roach motel
andy:  oh! god!
michael:  oh my god
dwight:  youll never kill it that way. you want to separate the head from the thorax
michael:  guys, guys. cool it. there he is, there he is.
michael:  hello
grotti:  mr. scott
michael: mr. grotti we meet again. these are my associates
grotti:  hi. angelo grotti
andy:  hi
dwight:  hello
grotti:  so, you got this table
michael:  yes
grotti:  this is one of those half booths, cant-decide-what-it-is type of thing
michael:  well
grotti:  waitress, were gonna sit over here
waitress:  thats fine
michael:  okay.
kevin:   hello.
credit card rep:  hello mr. halpert. im calling from the identity theft department at capital one. weve detected some unusual activity on your credit card
kevin:  oh man, do you think it was stolen
rep:  first would you mind verifying your home address
kevin:  um, yes.  um, 383 linden ave., scranton p
rep:  and may i have the last four numbers of your social security number
kevin:  six-six-five-zero
rep:  well mr. halpert. youre obviously not in san juan puerto rico
kevin:  wait a minute. yes i am
rep:  im going to go ahead and put a hold on your card.
kevin:  no. that…i, i think that we should let the criminal use the card a little longer
rep:  very funny sir. well get a new card out to you right away
kevin:  no
rep:  have a nice day, and thank you
kevin:  shoot.
grotti:  if you want to supplement your coverage, we can do that. if you want to replace your current coverage, all the better. ah, you seem like a nice guy
dwight:  oh hes not that nice
michael:  thats not true
andy:  hmm. very true
michael:  okay shut up
waitress:  have you decided
grotti:  yeah, ill have the linguini, red sauce on the side. if the sauce does not come on the side, i will send it back. i want garlic bread, toasted, not burnt. if it comes burnt, i will send it back
waitress:  okay then. and for you sir
michael:  i will have the gabba-gool
waitress:  the… what
michael:  the gabba-gool
waitress:  i dont really know what that is
andy:  you know, gabba-gool
michael:  i dont, i dont have to have that
dwight:  what hes trying to say is, gabba. gool
michael:  guys, guys
waitress:  i dont really think that we have that
michael:  thats okay
dwight:  bring him the gabba-gool
michael:  shh. i will have the spaghetti, with a side salad.
waitress:  okay
michael:  if the salad is on top, i send it back.
oscar:  why would you cancel jims credit cards
kevin:  i usually can think quick on my feet, but they were so fast on the phone
oscar:  this constitutes identity fraud
kevin:  oh god. i wouldnt last in jail oscar. im not like you
oscar:  whats that supposed to mean
kevin:  oh you dont know about jail?oh you would love jail
oscar:  why would i love jail
kevin:  because… you would love it.
michael:  i dont think our company actually needs any more insurance. so i am out
grotti:  look closely michael. i feel theres a plan here for you
andy:  maybe we have a plan for you
grotti:  how about you? maybe you can use supplemental coverage of some kind. anybody can get hurt! you always think, it cant happen to you, and  think about it
woman:   excuse me. sorry to bother you. are you a mechanic
andy:  yeeeeah
woman:  my battery is dead, ive got my kid, can you please help
andy:  yes i can
michael:  no, no no, no. come on. im sorry, were having our salad
grotti:  come on! lady in distress?go! go
andy:  okay
woman:  thank you so much, i really appreciate it
michael:  hey, do you need any help
grotti:  im sure he can handle a simple jump-start. now come on, sit down
michael:  hes a good mechanic
grotti:  where were we
michael:  i dont
dwight:  he was trying to force you to decide on a policy
michael:  okay, okay okay
dwight:  so were choosing
michael:  yep, all right
dwight:  check out dental
michael:  put it down.
andy:  black goes on the red. with the… if we… positive… mo- it being a motor drive, its probably down
kid:  he seems bad at this
andy:  you want to do this junior? i didnt think so. sorry. its kind of a long day at the… mechanic store.  aaaah!you got a leaky spark tube
woman:  what?!
andy:  so your cars totaled. uh, youre just gonna want to get a refund on that. or my guy could do it. hes great. but uh, i cant do that for you. i work exclusively on motorcycles. 
grotti:  now if you could just sign this letter of intent, ill bring this back to my boss, and we can get this in motion. you okay, pat
andy:  yeah. just thinking about how, uh, i had this car, this italian car, and i was driving it, and it kept telling me how much it needed oil, but i wouldnt give it any oil. and then, one day it exploded and it killed everyone and thats what im afraid of.
grotti:  arent you a mechanic? why wouldnt you put oil in the car
andy: it was before, my tech- my technical training
dwight:  dont do it
andy:  do it
dwight:  dont
andy:  just do it
michael:  okay
grotti:  look mike, i dont know what your friends are telling you, but you have to decide for yourself. are these guys gonna take care of your things if you die tomorrow
dwight:  yes
michael:  okay.
dwight:  i dont understand, why would you buy a policy
michael:  its just the cost of a cup of coffee an hour
andy:  you were man enough to back down michael, im proud of you
michael:  i had to make a snap decision dwight.
dwight:  it wasnt a snap decision, you were sitting there for an hour
michael:  it was a lot of snap decisions
dwight:  do you know what “snap decision” means
michael:  yes
dwight:  it means like this.
michael:  just get in the car.
jim:  hello
michael:  jim
jim:  michael
michael:  oh thank god
jim:  how did you get this number? michael, were on a catamaran.
michael:  it wasnt easy. i had to tell the hotel it was a medical emergency. i chose massive coronary, cause you told me that your dad had a bad heart. listen man, i, i got a problem, i think im in trouble with the mob. or a major insurance carrier.
jim:  that sounds bad
michael:  yeah, i know and you usually can get out of stuff like this, so im turning to you my friend
jim:  im gonna help you through it all right
michael:  okay
jim:  all youre gonna need to  and-it- and then go to
michael:  jim? are you
jim:  and then youll be saved
michael:  what? wait, i didnt hear a thing you just said
jim:  just  and then youll be saved
michael:  no! god! i missed, i missed the important part again
jim:  a- ah
michael: no!oh my god
jim:  and youll be saved
michael:  no, jim please, repeat what youre saying! i cant understand you
jim:  i  at the bermuda triangle. an-m-please dont call again
michael: jim?!?  oh my god.
michael:  hey uh, question for you. i recently purchased some insurance that i cant afford given my present salary. is there anything accounting-wise i can do to sort of make it all go away
oscar:  accounting-wise, no. but phone-wise, just call up and cancel it.
michael:  oh no. um. what about this cash for clunkers thing
oscar:  just- no.no
michael:  all right. well, it was a thought. thanks.
dwight:  we have let michael down, and its 85 percent your fault
andy:  hes alive.so youre welcome
dwight:  not on the inside hes not. look at his life! broke! living in fear! no friends, dead end job
andy:  yeah, some of that existed before
dwight:  not the living in fear, thats new
andy:  youre right, that is new
dwight:  yes. hes got to stand up to this mafia guy
andy:  well i dont see that happening
dwight:  me neither. not the way things are now. but what if michael felt no fear toward the mafia guy?
andy:  are you saying-
dwight:  yeah
andy: that we surgically remove the fear center from michaels brain
dwight:  what is wrong with you? i am talking about convincing michael that the guys not mafia
andy:  that seems a little far-fetched
dwight: well more far-fetched than a mobster walking into a paper company for a low-level shakedown?and that happened.
dwight:  michael. incredible news. grotti is clean
michael:  no. hes not. hes just good. nothing sticks to him. you still dont understand how this works
andy:  no, michael. what were trying to say is, we made a mistake assuming he was mafia. i have a buddy whos a fed, and we did a background check on the guy.his background is perfectly clean
dwight:  its true, hes clean. i have a couple of friends still on the force. checked with them. ran his fed friend up the flagpole to make sure he wasnt on the take. turns out hes a totally lovely guy. sweetest guy on the force really
andy:  class act. boy scout
michael:  but grotti acts like hes mafia though
andy:  hes trying to intimidate you to close sales. hes just a pushy salesman.
dwight:  and he made us all look like chumps
michael:  
michael:  if there is one thing i hate more than the mafia it is a liar. i wish the mafia would go out and kill all the liars. bury them in my yard. and i wouldnt tell the cops a thing. not that i would be lying per se. but i would just get really quiet, all of a sudden.
grotti:  this is grotti
michael:  this is scott
grotti:  oh! great. michael, im finishing up your paperwork right now
michael:  oh really? is that supposed to scare me
grotti:  i, i thought youd be pleased
michael:  well you thought wrong. because i am not pleased. im actually kind of pod
grotti:  what
michael:  i think you know exactly why, because you were trying to scare me into buying insurance
grotti:  i dont get it. how was i scaring you
michael:  i think you knew exactly what you were doing. and frankly i think you were being a total and utter jerk
andy:  whoa. okay
michael:  you suck
dwight:  okay thats
michael:  and im not gonna buy your stupid insurance
dwight:  thats good, lets wrap it up
michael:  how about that? the only person that actually needs insurance is you, if you show your face around here again, got it
grotti:  look, michael, when we all calm down here, maybe at some point in the future, you change your mind, why dont you give me a call
michael:  doubt it.
dwight and andy:   oh man
michael:  what a tool.  what
andy:  next time you look in the mirror, youre gonna be looking at a guy who stood down the mafia
michael:  no. what do you mean
dwight:  we just told you he wasnt mafia, so you wouldnt be scared
michael:  what
dwight:  you successfully backed down the mob
andy:  you made the mafia apologize to you! you made the mafia be polite
michael:  oh man. i should be mad at you guys. but im not.
michael:  so i looked him in the eye and i said, “not today grotti, not today. and not tomorrow, and not the next day. or the day after that. and you can tell all your friends that if i see them, then theyre already dead.” i said something like that.
dwight:  very close
oscar:  just to be clear, he backed down an insurance agent from mutual of harrisburg
michael:  erin
erin:  yes?
michael:  coffee
erin:  okay
michael:  not from the kitchen. stop and shop. if its not stop and shop, i send it back.
erin:  okay
michael:  large. if its a medium i send it back. if its an extra large i send it back
erin:  how do you return coffee
michael:  go.any questions?
pam:   are you kidding me
kevin:  hi pam, is jim there
pam:  listen our credit card has been cancelled and we have to deal with that, and i really cant handle the fact that youre calling us here
kevin:  okay, that sounds good. um, ill let you go, just -tell jim, that i said hi
pam:  oh i will. i will kevin. i will make that my top priority
kevin:  cool. okay.  bye.
kevin:  they have no idea what happened.
