erin:  theyre back
kevin:  oooh yeah…  jim and pam
kelly:  how was puerto rico? was it so romantic
jim:  it was
pam:  it really was.
jim:  really was
kelly:   im so happy for you…
jim:  puerto rico was awesome
pam:  oh my gosh. the honeymoon was great. we met this other couple at the resort, frank and benny. we hung out with them a lot.
jim:   frank and beans.  always makes her laugh
pam:   frank and beans!
michael:  is there someone there? who is there? i hear voices, is somebody there
dwight:  yeah
michael:  is someone there? i cant see you because im blind
dwight:  its jim and pam, michael
michael:   it is
dwight:  yeah…
michael:  theyre back? oh! oh! oh, pam!
jim:  nope
michael:  and oh, jim…
pam:  hi, michael
michael:  oh, i havent see you since my accident that i had when i fell- i fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. blind guy.
michael:  blind-guy mcsqueezy. how do i describe it? it is a character ive been workshopping whose lack of vision gets him into all sorts of trouble. the women in my improve class absolutely hate him. 
meredith:  so whatd you bring us
pam:  some candy
meredith:  what else
pam:  thats it.
meredith:  oh, cause you spent so much on the wedding.
michael: 
pam:  its good to be home.
dwight:  this conversation has two items on the agenda
jim:  do we have a conversation scheduled
dwight:  number one, do not leave your things on my desk. its not some kind of personal pen receptacle for you. i dont care how high they promote you, which brings me to item number two… i never formally congratulated you on your promotion, so id just like to say…  con-quack-ulations
jim:  wow, thats… really thoughtful of you, dwight, thank you.
dwight:   youre welcome! 
dwight:  i inserted a listening device into the belly of the mallard. now i can observe jim, trap jim, and destroy jim, just like in the bavarian fairy tale. only this time, the mallard skins the toad alive. and of course in this version you lose the whole veiled critique of the kaiser thing.
dwight:  im sorry to have been bugging you all these years.
jim:  its a real handsome duck.
dwight:  mallard. okay, ill get out of your hair.
pam:  hey
erin:  hi
pam:  uh, we brought back some puerto rican candy.
erin:  coco leche! thats my favorite
pam:  awesome! ill leave it up here so everyone can enjoy it.
erin:  oh, um, let me just check with michael first
pam:   i think itll be okay
erin:   i think it will too, but ill just check with him, though
pam:  great
erin:  oops, sorry.  oops.
michael:  i have recently taken a lover.
jim:  well, thats great. congratulations. whos the lucky lady
michael:  pams mom
jim:  what
michael:  pams mom, helene. remember from your wedding
jim:  youre messing with me
michael:  about what
jim:  you did not have sex with pams mom
michael:  oh, big time
jim:  what kind of car does she drive
michael:  she drives a green camry
jim: 
michael:  and the seats go all the way down. all the way down
jim:  oh my god.  oh my god.
michael:   what
jim:  okay, never tell pam, and secondly
michael:  okay, good, a pact. a pact. although i may have to break it tonight when helene and i tell pam over dinner. you alright
jim:  oh my god.
toby:   hey, jim
jim:  not now, toby, my god
toby:  oh, jesus!
michael:  get the hell out of here, idiot
toby:  what did i do
jim:  okay, as far as dinner tonight, cancel that, and please, for both our sakes, never, ever, ever see her again.
michael:  i think youre underestimating pam. i think more than anything, she wants me to be happy
jim:  no, not more than anything.
michael:  okay, i have a good thing with the mom
jim:  dont call her “the mom.
michael:  shes right on my way home from work
jim:  then take a different way home, man!
michael:  i di- alright, ill take surface streets, its- the last thing in the world i would want to do is upset pam
jim:  okay, so were good
michael:  yeah.
michael:  can you change my dinner reservations from four people to two
erin:  sure. oh, is it okay if i put out some candy that pam brought back from puerto rico
michael:  sure. thanks for asking
erin:  pam, were all set.  yum.
jim:  frank and beans
pam:  frank and beans!  so whatd we decide for michael, the bottle of rum, or the seashell alarm clock
jim:  you know what? can i have the weekend to decide
pam:  bottle of rum it is.  alright, shall we
jim:  you know what, i am really slammed, trying to catch up on everything here and i know that michaels slammed too. so, maybe we should do this when things are a little less crazy.
pam:  come on, itll take two seconds
jim:  no, it- 
michael:   oh, wow
pam: 
michael:  that is amazing. i feel like a real puerto rican
erin:  michael, youre all set at botticellis. i changed the reservation to two people
michael:  erin, look.
erin:  fun
michael:  yeah
pam:  wow, botticellis, that sounds like a special occasion.
michael:  yeah, no, its nobody
pam:   i dont know. i think michael has a date.
michael:   hmm… no
pam:   i think you have a date
michael:  i dont
pam:  come on
jim:  uh, i think we should just drop it… cause obviously he doesnt want to talk about it
michael:   i dont deserve this, guys
jim:  yes, you do
michael:  no, i dont
jim:  just take the parrot
michael: 
jim:  okay, back to the old grind
michael:  i was probably going to break up with her anyway
pam:  oh, thats too bad
jim:  dont
michael:  pam, it is very complicated. there are a lot of moving parts here.
jim:  sounds complicated
michael:  it is
pam:  yeah, but i mean, if you really like this person, then you should see where it goes
michael:  you want me to be happy
pam:  of course
michael:  part of the problem is, she is the mother of a close friend of mine
pam:  oh
michael:  more than a friend, a co-worker
pam:  oh! gossip, who is it? who is it? who is it, michael? …who?
michael:  its okay
pam:  no, no, no, no, no.oh, no. oh, my god! oh, my god! nooooo!
michael:  that could have gone one of two ways, but i never expected her to get upset.
pam: 
dwight:   you seem tense. hey, you want me to give you the chills
michael:  okay
dwight:  theres an egg on your head and the yolk is running down, the yolk is running down…
michael:   feels good
dwight:  theres a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down…
michael:  im sleeping with pams mom. sometimes, dinner
dwight:  …the blood is gushing down, the blood is gushing down… you know, i really would have appreciated a heads-up that you were into dating mothers. i would have introduced you to mine.
pam:   how could you do this to me? hes my boss! how many times have i complained about him to you? no, i am not being dramatic, you are being crazy
jim:   who wants a hot chocolate
pam:  thank you
jim:   oh, so dwight gave me this wooden mallard as a gift, and i found a recording device in it. yes. so, i think if i played it just right i can get dwight to play out the plot of national treasure
pam:  you need to be more upset about this. shes your mother too now. your mother is sleeping with michael scott.
jim:  andy, can i talk to you for a second
andy:  sure thing, tuna boss.
jim:  
andy:  how may i be of service to you
jim: i am gonna need your advice  i was thinking about getting this opera for dwights birthday, what do you think
andy:  this aurea is a joke.
jim: really
andy: what are you thinking
jim: i was gonna go with this one
andy:  let me tell you something, if you respect him at all, you will get him something better
dwight:   the nard dog… what was that all about
andy: i know, right
dwight: what were you talking about in there
andy: trust me it would only make you mad.
michael:  due to a certain recent incident, corporate has asked all the branches to come up with ideas as to how we can better communicate with our communities
andy: is this because of the 60 minutes segment about working conditions in our peruvian paper mill
michael: that was a hit job.if you read the dunder mifflin press release it clearly states that they had absolutely nothing to do with that particular cancer cluster.so if there is a lesson to be learned here and im not sure that there is, it is that in order to help our communities, we need to put other peoples needs ahead of our own
pam: haha!ha ha ha
jim: and whoever comes up with the best idea gets a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant of his or her choice
michael: who wants to help the world one step at a time? alright, good
dwight: volunteerism is important.every weekend i volunteer at the local animal shelter and they need a lot of help down there.last sunday i had to put down over 150 pets all by myself
michael: alright, thats…
meredith: paint a mural of chicano leaders
michael: alright…
pam: i have a way to make scranton a better place, you could leave it
michael: okay, im out of here,  see you later guys…
various: get out and stay out, bye…
michael: ok, oh no heres an idea… conservation…
pam: i love it, conservation.lets start by conserving our time and stop having these stupid meetings.no more meetings!no more meetings! no more meetings!no more meetings
michael: anybody else?who else has an idea
angela: i have some ideas about conservation…
jim: yes!angela!please…
michael:  can you hold down the fort? hey boo
angela: thank you.sure well first of all i think that we could totally…
michael:  whats it… why are you crying
jim: yes!i think we should look into that.if you could just speak up louder…
kevin:   shhhh…
angela: well, for our profit…
kevin:  shhh…
michael:  no, no, no, ill talk to her.i will… no… nobody talks to my baby that way… uh ah… yeah, ill let you know how it goes.alright, by pickle
kevin: whos pickle
michael:  pamela morgan beesly, you need to apologize to your mother right now
angela: im sorry, i was told i had the floor
jim: yes
oscar: hold on, hold on, whats going on
jim: nothing… nothing at all… its all good
pam: im not apologizing to anyone.michael owes me an apology
michael: for trying to find happiness in the arms of a lover
pam: dont call my mother your lover
kevin: yes!thats what im talking about
andy: that is not okay dude
michael: alright, in my defense…
phyllis: disgusting…
creed: shes messed up man…
pam: yes!thank you, welcome to my personal hell
oscar: you have no sense of boundaries michael
michael: shut up oscar.hey, alright, you know what, clearly im outnumbered here, but can i just say one thing, please?what is so wrong about me?im caring, im generous, im sensual.is it really so horrible that i could possibly go out and find happiness
phyllis: good luck michael, i hope you find what youre looking for
oscar: maybe youre right, who are we to…
pam: shut up oscar.what is wrong with all of you, he is sleeping with my mother
dwight: i dont think theres a whole lot of sleeping going on
michael: lets get back to the matter at hand
pam: whatever, you know, sleep with my mom, sleep with everybodys mom…
michael: no, no, no… no, no…
ryan: whoa, thats my mother youre talking about…
michael: i dont like the tone here… this is a place of business, you are to listen to others, you are to give others respect, and you are to keep your personal issues out of it
pam: uhh, huh, ho… oooh my god, you are ridiculous
michael: do not talk to me that way!i am your boss and i may someday be your father, so get out
pam: you are never going to be my father, you get out
michael: i hope that you are willing to die in this office, because i am…
pam: me too…
pam: hey.
oscar: hey
angela:  pam, hows your day going
oscar: pam, just for the record, i think youre overreacting a little bit, your moms old enough to make her own decisions
pam: oh, well, thanks oscar.i was just wondering how would you feel if michael was sleeping with your mom
oscar: my mothers in a wheelchair
pam: well, he could still… im sorry about that… oh could i just get you to sign this second page.
kelly:  ryan, i have to ask you a personal question.do you think that i should get a fedora
ryan: ahh, i dont think so, no…
kelly: well, i think id look really hot in one.whered you get your fedora
ryan: id rather not say
kelly: i think im gonna get the same fedora as you
erin: hi dwight
dwight:  shh
ryan:  …it should go with the persona you already have
kelly: well, i think i have that persona
dwight: where did you get that mallard
kelly: what the hell is a mallard
dwight: that
kelly: oh, professor damien d. duck, jim gave him to me
dwight: okay, i gave that to him that as a gift, im taking that back
kelly: if you take it back, ill scream
dwight:  ill give you five bucks for it
ryan: twenty
dwight: ten
ryan: deal.
kelly:  youre so cool
ryan: this reminds me, you owe me three bucks for gas.
michael:  hey toby, could i talk to you for a minute
toby: yeah, sure, whats up
michael: um, i just wanted to apologize for taking that tone with you earlier that was… uncalled for, im sorry
toby: um, yeah, ah, ah, that means a lot.thank you for saying it
michael: can i sit down for a second
toby: yeah, er… pull up a chair or sit on the shredder
michael: this is gonna sound weird, but i think i may be the victim of a hostile work environment with this whole pam situation
toby: ah, you should probably deal with that outside of the work place
michael: she brought it into the work place so i feel like it has to be dealt with here
toby: ok, i mean, i could talk to her
michael: really?would you do that
toby: yeah… thats why they pay me the big bucks
michael:  youre a good, good guy
toby: im good…
toby: you know, i always knew if michael just took the time to get to know me, wed become friends.
toby:  hey pam, could i talk to you for a sec
pam: sure, whats up
toby: well, i was hoping that maybe in light of everything thats happened today, it would be a good idea if today, you, me, and michael could head into the conference room for some conflict resolution
pam:  whats the matter, you cant fight your own battles
michael: no… thats…
toby: maybe you could just take the rest of the day off… you know…
pam:  oh, would that make you feel better
michael: i dont… um… i cant hear your conversation
pam: you can tell michael that im not leaving
toby:  buddy, i think that…
michael: yeah, yeah, yeah-okay… youre a jackass.hey, hey, you know what?youre just as stubborn as your mother, when you dont wanna do something you just dont do it
stanley: heh, heh, heh
pam: michael, youre just her rebound
michael: you were right jim, shoulda listened to you, should never have told her
pam:  what!you knew
jim: barely, i… i dont have all the facts.frank and bean…
michael:   okay, do you want me to stop seeing your mom?is that how were gonna get past this?cause, i will
pam: mmmmm, yes
michael: well, that is not gonna happen
pam: then whyd you even offer!
michael: because i assumed that you want me to be happy because i want you to be happy
pam: michael, let me make this very easy for you, i could give a sh about your happiness!stop dating my mother
michael: you know what?im gonna start dating her even harder
pam: whats that supposed to mean
michael: you know what it means
jim:  hey…
pam: shut it
jim: yep…
michael: i dont need to be friends with pam.i have plenty of female friends.my mom, pams mom, my aunt… although she just blocked me on im, whats her face from quiznos, i see her four times a week.
jim:  dwight, you brought the mallard back
dwight: well, i had to, i mean… kelly was not even…
jim:  hi buddy
dwight:  im sorry.
jim: a wooden duck
dwight: mallard.i put it in your office in order to surveil you.i was jealous that you got the promotion over me
jim: okay, just to be clear, youre terrible at this and you are not equipped for espionage…
dwight: oh, im equipped… i can
jim: silence
dwight: dont tell michael…
jim: i wont.but, you will wash and buff our car
dwight: punishment fits the crime, i accept.
michael:  night everyone.night pam, thanks again for the rum
erin: night michael
michael: night erin.
jim:  hey pam, can i see you for a second?so, dwight heard you were having a really rough day.so he generously offered to wash our car
pam: awww, he did that for me
jim: yes, he did.you know what was nice, nights swimming in bayou bay
pam: mmmm
jim:  remember that older couple whose kids were also named jim and pam
pam: haha, yeah.say more nice things
jim: well, we went on a segway tour and were awesome at it and frank and beans
pam: maybe im overreacting
jim: yeah… maybe
pam: but i dont think i am
jim: youre not, nope.nope.
kevin:  oh… whered you get that hat
ryan: id rather not say.
dwight:    “we have our high quality 28 pound bond, our heavier 38 pound bond, or our…”  ive got eight hours of this.of course i wanted jim to find the mallard, make him feel safe.did you really think i would put my primary listening device in a wooden mallard?im not insane.  “…65 pound cover stock, which is the heaviest paper that will still feed smoothly through your desktop printer.”
