michael:  welcome children of the scranton industrial park community
kids:  yay
michael:  join your gangsta pumpkin on his palette truck of doom. dont worry about a thing. rest assured you will see me later. bwah ha ha… … ha ha ha.
jim:  we are doing a haunted house this halloween. which is actually kinda spooky because, as legend has it, on this very site there used to be a productive paper company.
michael:  i am going to scare these kids so bad.
darryl:  this is the spookiest warehouse in the world, kids. you dont believe me? just take a look.  oh. scary, huh? this is a surgery with an octopus and a burn victim
angela:  black widow
kelly:  lulu from the fifth element
darryl:  nobody told me what people were, alright? so…label yourselves or take what you get
creed:  i want to sell your blood
ryan:  thats really not the trend in vampires right now
darryl:  here is an old man and a goth dude… and then the old crone from drag me to hell
meredith:  im a hobo
darryl:  i asked for a list.  …and a clown
dwight:  im jigsaw, idiot
darryl:  youre not as scary as book face, over there
jim:  yes. i am the popular social networking site known as book face
darryl:  ok, kids. youve all been so good and unbelievably patient so i think you are gonna get some candy
kids:  yeah!
michael:  kids, just remember, suicide is never the answer. alright?
michael:  why is christmas the only holiday that can have a message?
michael:  it is the easy way out. you are not alone
darryl:  what the hell is wrong with you
michael:  who wants candy?
michael:  …and then i think im going to go to the garlic festival
jim:  wow
michael:  sounds like fun. you guys would love it
jim:  i bet we would
michael:  they have a tcby booth
jim:  cool
michael:  the same stuff you get downtown
jim:  mmm-hmm
michael:  do you like tcby
jim:  who doesnt
michael:  i cant believe its- i cant believe its yogurt. uh… itll be fu
erin:  i confirmed with raskin design and theyre expecting the both of you in an hour
jim:  oh. actually, its just gonna be me
erin:  they said the both of you
jim:  that is a mistake
michael:  you should give them a call. check that out
jim:  alright. lets clear this up.  well, theres actually been a few changes in the company and michael and i are actually at the same level. so, i can- no. nope. why would that be a problem?
michael:  jims a good kid. he can handle a lot but sometimes you have to call in a master. i, uh… why would you date an amateur when you could date a professional?
jim:  great. see ya then
michael:  wha- what
jim:  they said that they would feel more comfortable if you came along
michael:  why dont they just want you to go by yourself? why do they want me to come, too? i dont understand
jim:  i absolutely dont understand, either
michael:  i dont want you to feel like im baby-sitting you, or something. alright
jim:  alright
michael:  let me get your stroller.
jim:  sure. michaels a good teacher. a teacher is someone who stands right next to you your whole life and never lets you do anything. thats what a teacher is, right?
michael:  what are you gonna call him
jim:  dave
michael:  no. what is his name
jim:  dave
michael:  mr. bourchard. theyre very formal
jim:  yeah. ive spoken to them on the phone
michael:  yeah, well… this is not the phone. this is real life, baby, and you gotta own it. is that what you are wearing
jim:  yes, it is
michael:  …and that is the watch that you are going to wear? no. it is not. you should wear this watch. i will loan it to you. it is a tankard. i highly recommend you wear that
jim:  no thanks
michael:  they are into style
jim:  mmm-hmm
michael:  they are into appearance. we are selling success
jim:  …and paper
michael:  thats sorta secondary.
jim:  nope. no.
jim:  hes trying to micro-co-manage me… or co-micro… manage… me.
pam:  here we are outside
andy:  wb
pam:  – the wilkes-barre industrial park
andy:  industrial p.! makin cold calls
pam:  the two people with the lowest sales in the quarter have to do them.
andy:   where are you? dean trophies. suite 100. shermanblinds and rugs. suite 202
pam:  here it is.  suite 401
andy:  yeah. i was gonna sing that part
pam:  i know. now you dont have to
andy:  except it was going to resolve the melody, so now my head hurts. feels like i held in a sneeze. mmm! i hate this feeling.  suite 401.
michael:  alright. hi. any messages
erin:  youre soaking wet
michael:  uh, well, jim and i got caught in a little flash rain, flash wind, flash lightning
phyllis:  wow. sounds scary
michael:  it was. it was. and then in an instant it wasnt
angela:  why isnt jim wet
jim:  i outran it
meredith:  i dont think it rained. my hip would be throbbing
michael:  it rained
dwight:  michael, can i get you something? a towel? some cocoa
michael:  nothing. cocoa
jim:  ill just leave that suit in your office then
michael:  good. yep.
secretary:  must be nice to have company on these cold calls
andy:  were kind of a dynamic duo. or trio.
secretary:  how exciting! do you guys know the sex yet
pam:   oh. no, no.  were not together. no, no, no. definitely not. definitely not. no. we just work together
andy:   looks like somebodys got a case of the definitelies.
erin:   um, michael? the custodian from raskin design is on the line. he said they found your keys in the koi pond
michael:  ok. thank you
stanley:  did you say ‘koi pond?
michael:   yeah
erin:  michael, people are asking questions
michael:  ok. put them on speaker. hey guys, whats going on
phyllis:  michael, did you you fall into a koi pond
michael:  uh… i cant really hear you. i think we have sort of a bad connection
oscar:  jim, did michael fall into a koi pond
jim:  mmm… its like michael said. it was some- something else
michael:  it was- ok. this is what it was. it was these bunch of idiots who had put a fish tank in the ground with no cover and no railing
angela:  so you fell in
michael:  no. maybe i was trying to save a child that had fallen in
angela:  so a child had fallen in
michael:  not yet
kevin:  that is hilarious.
michael:  no it is- dont! im not gonna bump. im not gonna bump. and it was not hilarious. it was very, very terrifying. 
jim:  truthfully, it wasnt the way he fell in. it was… how long it took him to get out.
pam:  and wed like to offer you 15% off your first purchase as our way of welcoming you to the area
customer:  well that sounds like a really nice deal
andy:  sha-bow
customer:  and i must say, that since we are a family business it is nice to see that you are, too
andy:  oh, wow. you thought that- oh, my gosh. oh. definitely not
customer:  my mistake. sorry
pam:  its ok
andy:  nuh. actually, its kinda not ok. um, i date models. face models. my girlfriend, on a scale of one to giselle, uh… a nine
customer:  that- thats good for you
pam:  anyway, we also have a special on envelopes
andy:  pams carrying our surrogate. because my girlfriend needed to keep her figure for fashion week. so, we, uh, we put our baby in pam.doesnt matter what pam looks like
pam:  yeah.
pam:  you were way meaner to me than i was to you
andy:  no i wasnt. ok. the very idea of us together made you burst out laughing like you just bit into an adam sandler and jelly sandwich
pam:  you blew the sale, you idiot
andy:  let me tell you something. i was never gonna make that sale.
michael:  erin, do we have any of those clips that hold paper together
erin:  staples?  uh, david wallace called
michael:  oh. he did? what did he say
erin:  he heard you made a big splash at the meeting. oh, my god. that was so mean what i just said and i didnt mean it. it was kevin and meredith put me up to it
michael:  ok
kevin:   im gonna kill you
stanley:  michael, dont listen to them
michael:  thank you, stanley
stanley:  you just ignore their carp
michael:  ok
dwight:  michael
michael:  yes
dwight:  a carp is both a fish and a term for complaing. theyre mocking you with wordplay
creed:  hey, boss, did you find nemo
michael:  i can name pixar movies, too. toy story
oscar:  dont you mean ‘koi story
phyllis:  and when you fell in, did you flounder
dwight:  michael, flounder is both a kind of fish and 
michael:  i know what a flounder is.
michael:  im not usually the butt of the joke. im usually the face of the joke. i wish jim had fallen into that pond and hed have to put on my suit and itd be too short and hed look… damn it! hed still look good.
michael:  the most fundamental thing about sensitivity training is that you cannot make fun of a person for something or some action that they have done that they regret. show of hands- who has been ‘koi-ponded? who heres been the butt of a joke that has gone too far? phyllis
phyllis:  michael, you make fun of us every day
michael:  uh…
kevin:  yeah. every single day
michael:  you never said anything
meredith:  uh, we have. countless times
michael:  well, it is hard to tell the difference between you guys saying, ‘stop because i want you to stop or stop as in ‘stop. youre making me laugh so hard. what youre doing is so funny. you are on a roll. i am busting a gut. stop
angela:  thats never the case
michael:  we are going to make a ‘do not mock list. ok? anything that we think might be out of bounds, we put on this list. anything you put on this list you cannot be teased about. got it? im gonna kick it off. lets see what i have to put on the list, right?  ok. i also have fallen into the fountain at the steamtown mall. ok. who else? who else? dwight, come on
dwight:  i dont want people making fun of my nose
michael:  your nose
dwight:  its too small
michael:  alright
oscar:  oh my. that is small
dwight:  just, write it down, please
oscar:  can you breathe okay
kelly:  what keeps your glasses on
dwight:  hey! its on the list, everybody
michael:  no. i havent finished writing. did you sneeze it off? thats it. no more. ok. who else? who else? everybodys getting their chance
kevin:  i dont want people making fun of my weight
michael:  ok. thats to broad. its gotta be something else. how bout your stomach? yeah?  meredith
meredith:  i dont want to say it out loud
michael:  ok. fine. come on up here. write it yourself. and dont sign your name to it. and nobody look. everybody look away. look away.
meredith:  i really didnt want to put it on the board but i thought maybe it was gonna come out somehow so… what are you gonna do? 
michael:  ok.
andy:  that is our sales pitch and we are stickin to it.
keena gifford:  well, you two are quite the salesmen and a very cute couple
andy:  well-
pam:  oh-  thank you
keena gifford:  some couples dont seem like a good match. you two do
pam:  well, you know
andy:  yeah. you know. two peas in a pod. we complete each other. what can i say? she loves to cook-
pam:  he loves to eat
andy:  i love to dance-
pam:  i love to watch him dance
andy:  right. sometimes ill just dance for hours in the living room-
pam:  and ill just watch him
keena gifford:  and a baby on the way? you must be so excited
pam:  yes
andy:  yeah. we are thrilled
pam:  mmm-hmm
andy:  in fact, we spent the whole weekend researching various birthing coaches. wasnt that fun, honey
pam:  it was, sweetie
keena gifford:  oh. i know the best teacher. her name is miss janet
andy:  yeah. on clearview avenue
keena gifford:  yeah
andy:  yeah.
angela:  this sounds ridiculous, i know, but some people say that i eat like a squirrel
phyllis:  so now youre comparing yourself to a cute, tiny animal
erin:  um, michael? the custodian called again. apparently a koi has died.
michael:  its a fish
erin:  they want you to pay for it
michael:  it couldve died of natural causes. so…
erin:  well, they said you stepped on its head. he did not suffer
oscar:  when is the funeral
michael:  do not mock, oscar. do not mock. how much do they want
erin:  $300
michael:  what? no. i could get a fish for a 5 cent worm.
creed:  oh, youre payin way too much for your worms, man. whos your worm guy
jim:  ok. great meeting, everybody. thats it
michael:  no, no
dwight:  thank you.
michael:  no. we are not done here. this-
andy:  one of the baby books suggets the best birthing posture is on all fours, like an animal. i just wish i had a special telephone so i could find out exactly wht the little soy bean wants. right? hey, little soy bean. what do you want? right. how do- it- i felt it kick
keena gifford:  thats great
andy:  oh, my gosh. like a little magical foot just high-fived me
pam:  yeah, well, thatll happen
andy:  oh, my gosh. its like hes trying to say, ‘i love you, too, daddy. i love you, too.
pam:  sometimes were so excited we forget where we are. like at a business meeting
andy:  message received, little soy bean.
jim:  i think you just gotta ride this one out, man
michael:  no, jim. you dont understand. things like this dont just die. kids in high school still call me ‘ponytail.
jim:  no, they dont
michael:  yes, they do, jim. because of the time i got my ponytail stuck in the power trail
jim:  maybe if you make fun of yourself itll all go away
michael:  i want to make fun of you right now
jim:  really? do it. i am a big, stupid goofball
michael:  no. dont do that. youre not. youre not stupid
jim:  see
michael:  oh, my god.
michael:  hey. i- i just wanna say that i cannot believe that i walked into a koi pond. i mean, seriously. walk much?  oh. i should wear a snorkel to the next business meeting that i go to
phyllis:  michael. you know, when you think about it, its not all your fault. i mean, who puts a koi pond in a lobby
michael:  well, you know what? youre right, phyllis, but ive been there before. ive seen that pond. this is the thing, i am a world class moron. thats the problem
dwight:  michael, please. stop it now. youre embarrassing yourself
michael:  its ok. were having fun. its not actually the first time ive been embarrassed by a pond. in high school, the girls volleyball team always used to hrow me into the frozen lake. four years in a row. oh… it was freezing.  no. no. no. oh, this is even worse.  couple weeks ago i went to get a new cellphone and i wanted on of those packages where you have, you know, the friends- the five- the friends and family thing and the guys was like, ‘who are your 5 friends? and im, like, ‘uh… ‘ i didnt even know i couldnt even think.  oh, my god. it was so embarrassing. that was- oh. i dont even have jans cell phone number and i hate her! she wont give it to me. i was like, ‘oh, i guess im a loser. ‘a luh-whooooo a za her.too far! god! thanks a lot, man. thanks for the advice.
kevin:   enjoying your nut
oscar:  kevin
angela:  why
kevin:  im not mocking. i was just making an observation about a nut
angela:  i was
michael:  hey. who wants to watch michaels pond dive? my roommates friend is the night janitor over there. he swiped the security tape for me and hes bringing it over
jim:  mm… im, know what? maybe we should go easy on michael, guys. you know, you watch that tape and youre gonna have to stay late for more sensitity training, so…
kevin:  well stay late.
andy:  well, that went pretty well
pam:  yeah, i guess
andy:  we got a maybe. it was our first maybe. going by the nard dog curve, id say we nailed it
pam:  if im being completely honest, i couldve done without the belly kiss
andy:  you know what? im sorry. ‘cause in that moment i knew i was kissing your belly too much
pam:  yeah. way too much
andy:  yeah
pam:  i mean, what the hell was that
andy:  what the heck was that
pam:  when you cried
andy:  agh- try almost cried, ok? i just got caught up in the fantasy
pam:  youre fantsy involves comparison shopping birthing classes
andy:  no. i know im gonna go with miss janet. i just- i dont know. it was fun to role play, right
pam:  hmm
andy:  i mean, it was fun for me. having a wife and a little baby. agh, im so sick of being single
pam:  well, are you dating anyone
andy:  what do you think of erin? i mean- shes- i- shes kinda cool
pam:  ah
andy:  you think i can do better
pam:  ah
andy:  gotta get my goin out on.
meredith:  hey, lets watch this thing
jim:  whoa, whoa, whoa. ok. yeah. were not watchin this
oscar:  how can we not watch this
jim:  what happened to ‘do not mock
phyllis:  were not mocking, were watching
jim:  that will inevitably lead to mocking. so…
phyllis:  well, well deal with it as it comes
michael:  is this the tape of me falling
phyllis:  yes. put the dvd in
kevin:  open quicktime
oscar:  it starts on its own. let it –
kevin:  no! use quicktime. trust me. ive done this
jim:  guys. michael cant handle this and as your boss im saying were not watching it
michael:  no. its ok. watch it. he cant fire all of you
jim:  what are you doing
michael:  its alright. i can handle it
jim:  no
michael:  i am a grown-up, jim
meredith:  shh. its on
kevin:  here they come.  boom
oscar:  oh. did – did you see that
jim:  see what
angela:  whyd you stop it
jim:  oscar, yes. youre right to stop it. thank you. eject it
oscar:  jim, you let michael fall in
dwight:  play it again.  he purposefully leaned away and let you fall in
jim:  oh… man. i thinke when i started to see you go in i think i just froze
michael:  i dont think you froze
jim:  its a killer new dance move.  do you wanna talk in your office
angela:  no
jim:  i didnt ask you.  would you like to talk?
dwight:  judas.
dwight:  jim is my enemy. but it turns out that jim is also his own worst enemy. and the enemy of my enemy is my friend. so, jim is actually my friend. but… because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy. so, actually jim is my enemy. but-
jim:  i shouldve grabbed you. im sorry. look, i thought i couldve done todays sales call alone. i mean, i may never be as good a salesman as you are, but i at least need the chance to do the job.
michael:  jim is jealous of me? jim is jealous of me.
meredith:   hey, whats up lifeguard
oscar:  jim, i think im in your way.
michael:  oscars a douche
jim:   hes alright
michael:  no. hes a- yeah, hes alright. ok.
jim:  thanks michael
michael:  youre welcome. whoa!  almost fell. 
pam:  hey, erin. do you mind faxing this for me
erin:  oh, sure. oh, wait. hand them to me upside down so i dont accidentally read them
pam:  ok
erin:  thanks
pam:  mmm-hmm
erin:  how did today go, by the way? did you make any sales
pam:  no. it was a total waste of time. um… it was fun, though, because i got to spend the day with andy bernard. hes really cool
erin:  yeah, he is
pam:  yeah, he is
erin:  hes, like, the coolest person ive ever met
pam:  thats… right. hes like marlon brando
erin:  oh. do you mean marlon wayans? ‘cause he is
pam:  i actually do mean marlon wayan. yeah.
