dwight:  good morning everybody.who would like an authentic new york bagel?hmmm?stanley
stanley:  thank you.
dwight:  no, no, no, no. i got a pumpernickel just for you.
andy:  wow. h &amp; h.you went all the way to new york city to get us bagels?
dwight:  oh, why? is there a place closer that sells them
phyllis: this is really nice dwight, thanks
andy: thanks
dwight:  oh, dont mention it.you owe me one.you all owe me one.
dwight: good morning michael
michael:  morning dwight
dwight:  hungry
michael:  no.i had a fish stick sandwich.actually i had two fish stick sandwiches.my girlfriend didnt want hers.because i guess im the only aphrodisiac she needs
dwight: fish sticks are not an aphrodisiac
michael:  well, yeah…
dwight: youre thinking of deer penis
michael:  it worked
dwight: regardless.that was over two hours ago and it is now a scientific fact that you are hungry. bagel
michael: i dont mind if i do
dwight: k. i brought cheese too
michael:  im taking one for my lady friend
dwight:  excellent
michael:  brain food. thank you very much
dwight:  okay.  you owe me.
dwight:  cant a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so theyll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore?geez.when did everyone get so cynical?
dwight:  pam, would you care for a bagel?
pam:  oh, no thank you
dwight:  thats right.youre a woman and you need to refuse food the first time.ill try again.please pam, reconsider and have a bagel
pam: i have an early lunch.
pam: michaels been trying to get jim and me to hang out ever since he started dating my mom.i dont know.i really hoped this thing would just die out, but today hes planning a birthday lunch for my mom and we have to go.no way out.no way out.
erin: these are amazing.you took all these
ryan: ive always found beauty in uncommon places.homeless people.graffiti.photography lets me capture all that.have you ever been photographed before
erin: oh just by like friends
ryan: well heres what ive been doing around here.its for a series on exposure in the workplace
helene:  whoohoo! pammy
pam:  hey! hey. happy birthday
helene:  thank you.
michael:   my girls.there they are. 
michael: birthday lunch.birthday lunch– there is no better medicine than birthday lunch.itll cure all of your “gee i dont know if michael should be dating my mother” and fixes all occurrences of “i dont really see them together”.so, open wide pam and take a big old spoonful of birthday lunch medicine.take with food.
angela: pam, arent you going to introduce us to michaels girlfriend
pam: i think you guys all remember my mom from the wedding
michael:  yeah–
kevin:  hi
michael: i think everyone has meet helene.shall we?
helene:  wait a minute. is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace
kelly:  oh my god i love it.
helene: tell her how you gave it to me
michael:  no, that wouldnt be–
helene: he put it around my neck while i was still asleep this morning.what a nice way to wake up
michael: yeah. the rest of the story has been censored due to– inappropriosity
kevin:  because of sex
michael:  hey–
pam: kevin
michael: please, kevin.youre fired.sorry, sorry.work with a bunch of idiots.shall we go
pam:  yes, lets go.
erin:  oh, wait. um– swartz lumber is on the phone for you pam and they say its urgent
pam:  oh, you guys.just one second. oh my gosh!are you serious?shipping emergency.i dont think i can go to lunch
jim: oh man, thats crazy.right as we were on our way out too
pam: i know.isnt that always how it goes
jim: rarely.if ever.let me give it a whirl.ill talk to them.
pam:  i want to handle it
jim: thats okay
pam: i feel like its–
jim:  its my pleasure.  hello?well thats great. turns out the paper was there all along
creed:   thank god.
creed: somethings up.that paper was never supposed to arrive.
helene: so, pammy– are you still liking sales
pam: yeah– its exciting
helene: well, you know– michael and i were– talking, and maybe if you put a little more face to face time with your clients you could improve your sales
jim: pams sales are fine actually
michael: just want you to succeed pammy.you know what, we shouldnt even be talking about business today
pam: thank you
michael: today is about family.
pam: why did i get in the car?i could of struggled.i have a whistle in my purse i didnt even blow it.
andy: oh, dwight.i have a little surprise for you
dwight: let me guess– you ate the bagel i gave you and loved it
andy: yes!  and i wanted to return the favor.i was polishing my loafers and i happened to look over and noticed that your brief case was a little worse for the wear, so a little elbow grease and shes polished right up, back up to her former glory
dwight:  wow–
andy:  feel it against your cheek
dwight: i will.
andy: you give me a gift– bam!thank you note.you invite me somewhere– pow! rsvp.you do me a favor– wham!favor returned.do not test my politeness.
dwight: let me get that door for you
andy:  whoa–
dwight:  there you go
andy: thank you very much.now ive got it for you.
dwight: oh… goodness… thanks.you know, heres a healthy fitness tip.if you clench your buttocks together while walking you can really take the pressure off your knees
andy: is that right
dwight:  observe.
andy:  huh. 
dwight:  right
andy: that really works
dwight:  yeah, feel free to use that.anytime.okay
andy: hey– oh, hold on a second.do not walk around with your jacket cattywampus
dwight:  and that needs to be straight as an arrow.
andy:  whoa–thank you very much.oh boy
dwight:  thank you very much for that
andy:  you are very welcome
dwight:   have a seat.allow me
andy:   have a seat yourself
dwight: you know what?i am going to preemptively change the batteries in your wireless mouse
andy: not necessary
dwight: no, no, no!
andy: you didnt have to do that.
dwight: andy is complicating things.but im not worried.this will only up my game.
michael: hello.scott.table for four
hostess: welcome scott family.itll be just a moment
pam: i use to love coming here.the chicken parm is good.big part of my childhood.oh, maybe michael will start dating that too.
michael: what table should we take?so many to choose from
jim:  wow
helene:   oh my god
michael:  what? all i see are boring old tables with no birthday decorations.oh, wait a second!you mean this one?wow
pam: michael, you did all this?
michael: not about taking credit.lets just say we all did it
helene: well, thank you.all of you
michael: well, it was actually me alone, so– wow look at this place.really makes me want to go to italy some day
helene: oh youll love it.you can have my guide books.i think im done with those really long plane rides
michael:  oh. thank you.thanks for lending me the books
pam:  so, mom… which birthday are we celebrating this year
helene:   sticking with 49
pam:  49 again? thats nine years in a row.this is now our longest family tradition
michael: thats funny
helene: well, as long as youre running numbers pam, then help me out with this one.lets see your six months pregnant, but youve only been married for 30 days, so what does that add up to
jim:  oh, burn.burn on you… and a little bit on me, too. 
michael: youre 54 years old
helene: no.im 58
michael: youre 58 years old
helene:  uh huh
michael:  congratulations.
michael: the only time you should care about a womans age is if she is too young for you and i am not robbing the cradle.if anything i am robbing the grave.
pam: mom, have you decided what you want to be called
helene: oh, well i like nana, but i also like the classic grandma
pam:  please be grandma
jim:  definitely grandma
pam: i want you to be grandma
helene:  oh, michael what do you think?grandma
michael:   that–
pam: yay, grandma!
michael:  hey, would you guys ever do a triathlon, do you think
pam:  maybe
michael:  helene
helene: oh, oh no.i dont think so
michael:  i am.im definitely going to do it.ive already got the run and the bike thing down.just need to learn how to swim.come on, you in
helene:  oh no, i think a triathlon is pretty much something i can rule out.it just– doesnt interest me.
michael:  so its a matter of interest.good, okay.its not anything you would have ever done
helene: hmm… i might have done it when i was younger, but now theres just other things id rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming–
michael: well theres no jumping in a triathlon
helene:  oh–
michael: youre thinking of the broad jump.would you try– bungee jumping
helene: no, no…
michael:  snowboarding
helene: you want to go snowboarding?
michael:  i might
helene: michael, what are you talking about
michael:  nothing.just life– and doing things– before you die. i dont know.
michael:  do i really want to go snowboarding?no.but i would like to if i wanted to.
andy:   aye-yi-yi!
dwight:  whats going on in here
oscar:  andy bought lunch
dwight:  oh… no… really?
andy:  yep, yep.took a page right out of the old schrute book of niceness
dwight: there is no book.theres only a survival guide
andy: you bought breakfast for everyone, so i got lunch for everyone
dwight:  okay, well, allow me.you know what– gosh these tacos are awfully complicated to make.i will make everyones tacos! gra-ga-ga-ga-ga!
michael:  so we should get the check
pam:  what about your gift michael
michael:  oh, no, no, no. no.its stupid.youd hate it.i hate it
helene: im sure i wont
michael: yes you will
pam: he locked himself in his office all morning working on it
helene: gimme.look at this wrapping paper.its got the word love on it in every language
pam:  aww–
michael: i literally– i put no thought into the wrapping at all.might as well of been toilet paper
helene:  a scrapbook of our first memories by michael gary scott.for my girlfriend helene on your birthday.
michael: thats just an arbitrary title
helene:  ok, theres a penny.whats that from
jim:  penny for your thoughts
helene: it was from the wishing well at the mall.you threw it in.i went back later, waded in and i found it
jim:  wow
pam:  thats amazing
michael: its not amazing… at all.its sort of weird that i went and did that.and now your wish wont come true, so that blows
helene: a poem
michael:  oh that i plagiarized i think
helene:  i can not go to school today said little peggy ann mckay…
jim:   shel silverstein
pam:  yeah
helene:  um– i have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash and purple bumps. and my teachers really mean– happy birthday , i love you helene
pam: thats really nice michael
michel:  i think it sucks
helene: i think its wonderful, absolutely wonderful
michael: well, thats because you and i have very different tastes and you like lame things.its a generational– sort of gap between us
helene:  god… its a scrapbook
pam: home run michael
jim: you set the bar so high
michael: that was a bunt.
andy: whoa, whoa dwight.im going to do this
dwight: hey, hey, hey–relax i got it covered
andy: no, i insist
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no, no, i insist.
andy: ok, dwight this is ridiculous
dwight: dont worry about it.you can just owe me.
pam:  hey. whered you go
michael:  oh, just went to the bathroom
pam: and then you stopped at the bar on the way back
michael:  i got thirsty.
pam:  okay, weirdo.come on.its time for cake.
michael: honestly, for a long time i thought i was going to grow old with holly.and then i met helene.and she is great and she already knows and has done everythingthat i have ever wanted to do and can tell me about it.but, i think i want to do those things myself.
pam: cakes really good
helene: oh, i know.i love how they use butter cream frosting
michael: finish your cake, helene
helene: hmmm
michael: i want you to enjoy that cake because i have something terriblei need to tell you.i want you to enjoy your cake before i tell you this terrible, terrible thing.
michael: helene i think youre a wonderful person and i– god– ive enjoyed dating you and being your boyfriend so much.but i have to consider pams feelings as a friend and a co-worker i can not in good conscience continue to date you, when i know what this is doing to her
pam: michael.michael ,its okay
michael: no its not
pam: i know that it took me a little while to come around and its still a little weird to get used to, but you obviously make my mom very happy.and that makes me happy
michael: wow.that just– youve really grown
pam:  well–
michael:   thank you pam. and i hope you are as gracious during this next part.helene, once again you are a wonderful person and you have lived a great life and i envy it.and i want it someday, but just in the future.you need somebody who– who understands your references.who is kafkaesque?ive never– i dont know him.theres another woman.and her name is italy… and skydiving… and bungee jumping
jim: okay, so–
michael:  and i want kids.and you… unfortunately, have already completed that part of your journey down there
pam:  michael
michael: its not my decision.its mother nature.and mother has very strict rules about fer– — tility
helene: i, um– i got it.
helene: im 58.what am i supposed to do now
michael: well, hobbies–
jim:  stop.
andy:  ahh
dwight:  whats going on
andy: stupid things wedged up there.no one in this office will help me
dwight:  alright, move it.
andy: what if dwight dies and i still owe him something?that is a recipe for a ghost.
dwight:  oh yeah, youre going to owe me big time
andy:  its like a little envelope– there you go
dwight:  got it.  to dwight. wha– starbucks gift card
andy:  surprise! its from everybody.$15 value.
dwight: dammit.i am no closer to taking jim down.what a waste of a day.i could of grown poisoned mushrooms that would have been this high by now. theyre mushrooms.they dont get that high.
michael: pamela beesly halpert–
pam:  what
michael:  may i have a word with you in my office please
pam:  i am working
michael:  well, this is a work related matter
pam:  really
michael:  yes
pam:  really
michael:  yes.join me please, wont you? i am going to give you a raise
pam:  why
michael:  because of all the good work youve done
pam: i have the lowest sales record of anyone here
michael: thats– no, no– its not about numbers, pam.its about attitude
pam: i have the worst attitude of any person here
michael: do you want the raise or what
pam: yeah, ill take it.
michael:  hey, pam, pam– with this raise there are strings attached.and the string is attached from my heart to your mean attitude
pam: youre bribing me
michael:  no!no– no i am not.unless you want me to.do you want me to? cause i will.i will bribe you.no.your face is saying dont– unless i havent offered you enough… your face isnt changing.what is it?talk to me face.tell me what pams brain is thinking.come on!what do you want? what do you want?do you want a million dollars?do you want to hit me?want me to get down on one knee and beg you or–
pam: i want to hit you
michael: what
pam: i want to hit you.ill do that
michael:   oh– okay , what? i dont– are you kidding
pam:  no.are you kidding
michael:  ye– no.alright.ill take off my jacket and tense my stomach and you can just–
pam: no.i dont think i can hit you in the office
michael: okay
pam: so, um… well do it after work.in the parking lot.in front of everyone.im going to hit you as hard as i can
michael:  okay
pam:  okay
michael:  okay
pam:  see you then
michael: see you.
ryan:  hey
michael:  hey
ryan: quick question
kelly:  yeah
ryan:  are you scared
michael:  never.about what?a little– what are you talking–
ryan: we heard about the punch
michael:  what punch
kelly: pam.shes going to punch the crap out of your face after work
michael:  im pretty sure we said slap
kelly:  no, its a punch and pam has that crazy pregnancy strength now
ryan: im getting concerned that you dont seem to understand whats going to happen.do you
michael:  i– mmm– im good
ryan: alright.see you there.
michael: hey
jim: hey
michael:  do you and pam ever get frisky
jim:  inappropriate
michael:  i mean– do you ever wrestle with each other
jim: all the time
michael:  really
jim:  yeah
michael:  she strong
jim:  she wants it bad michael
michael:  can you stop this
jim: i can
michael:  okay
jim: and i dont support her choice to hit you
michael:  i dont either
jim: but at the same time she looks crazy and i do understand her reasoning
michael:  mmm-hmm.i know
jim: i just need some time
michael:  you gotta do something–
jim: i just need some time. just give me some time to make a decision
michael:  how much time do you think youll need
jim:  no more than a week.maybe two weeks
michael:  come on, man!
toby:  pam, can i talk to you for a second
pam:  oh…
toby: i heard about the hit.just– make sure its off company property, right
pam: right
toby: okay, i think we should probably be okay
pam:  okay
toby: okay.and– the-the power– comes from the back foot.so its– its all one motion through the– body.so you stay a little low and theres a twist.you keep your shoulder down and you kind of throw out the arm. pow
pam:   okay wait– its– youre saying it comes from the foot
toby:  yes
pam:  okay.
toby:  yes
pam:  wow
toby:  okay.
meredith: hey everybody, hes not in the mens room although the seat was warm so we may have just missed him
kevin: my moneys on pam
oscar: its not a fight.what other outcome could there be
kevin: michael could win
oscar: how?he cant hit back
kevin: why cant you just agree with me sometimes?
michael:  am i scared of getting hit in the face?no.everyday weirdos pay dominatrixs hundreds of dollars for that very privilege.im scared im gonna love it. lets do this.
michael:  its okay guys… i can handle this.everybody can go home
kevin: were here for the show, michael
michael:  youre just a bunch of voyeurs.are you eating popcorn
kelly: it has almost no calories
pam: are you ready
michael:  yes
pam:   you have to keep your hands down, michael
michael: i know.  okay.alright. oh– god
pam:  michael, you have to put your hands down
angela: put your hands in your pockets
michael:  okay!  pam, pam– im really sorry.im sorry
pam: what are you sorry for
michael:  so many things.i dont know.its hard to choose
pam: how about for dating my mom
michael:  maybe that–
pam: and dumping her on her birthday
michael:  yes
pam: okay– just– dont ever date a member of my family again
michael: okay.i promise. for the record your mom came on to me.
phyllis: holy crap
pam: are you okay
michael:  no
pam: youre okay
jim: feel better
pam:  no.you were right
dwight:   wait, why are you limping
michael: i dont know
dwight: lets get some raw meat on that face.i got a chicken in the freezer upstairs.
michael:  as i watched pams big, strong hand coming towards my face i saw my entire life flash before my eyes.and guess what?i have four kids.and i have a hover-car and a hover-house.and my wife is a runner and it shows.and pam and jim are my best friends and our kids play together.and i am happy and i am rich and i never die.it doesnt sound like much, but its enough for me.
michael:  ahh…
dwight: good, good.keep it on there for another five minutes.just let the swelling go down
michael:  oh thank you.thanks.i owe you one dwight
dwight: fire jim
michael: no
dwight:  im cashing in the favor.fire him
michael:  what are you talking about–
dwight:  do it.promote me.tri-managers
michael: forget that
dwight: can i have an office
michael: no
dwight: you know what you can keep your stupid favor.its worthless.and this is my dinner on your face.im keeping it
michael:   oh that feels better.
