dwight: got you!broken arm!boom boom boom!broken nose! boom boom boom boom!broken nose!boom!ha, gonna flip you!
jim: once a year dwight holds a seminar updating us on the newest developments in the world of karate… because as we all know, the one thing thousand year martial arts do all the time is change.
dwight: how can i pose this to you in a relatable way?you are all members of the yakuza and you happen to be visiting the lackawanna trolley museum… and you are attacked by triads… how can you hold them off until your clan arrives?you cannot go wrong with a throat punch
jim: ok, so theres no defense for that, good to know
dwight: no, there is a defense for that.let me demonstrate.someone attack me.kevin, go
kevin: no way.last time you pulled my pants down and then you tried to choke me with my shoelace
dwight: false.i did choke you with your shoelace.now come at me
jim: ok, with all due respect to everyone here, i think the most worthy opponent of you is you
dwight: that is correct.unless there happened to be measles present
jim: so lets just say that dwight has come at you with the throat punch.now how would you, dwight, defend against it
dwight: easy.allow me to demonstrate.i am attacking myself with a throat punch.here it comes. block.grasp wrist as such. 
jim: and what if he comes at you with the other hand, because he does have two
dwight: good point.second, throat punch, absorb the blow. groin punch, hip block, elbow to the gut.uh oh, up to the nose.no, youre not.ow!oh
jim: oh my god, hes making you look like such a fool
dwight:  he really is, but not for long.ow! instep, oh, not again. you let go, you let go.oh, youre right, i cant hold on
jim: you two are so evenly matched i dont know how one of you is going to get the upper hand
dwight: the important thing to remember jim… we always have what is called the element of surprise. 
michael: but i would say my favorite art form is a tie between sculpting and stand up comedy
andy: i did stand up comedy once
michael: you did
andy: yeah, i killed
michael: that sounds like it was hilarious
andy:  it was hilarious.
dwight: michael
michael: yes
dwight: what is the meaning of this email that everyone got
michael: youll have to be more specific dwight, i get like eight emails a day
dwight:  this one, from david wallace to all dunder mifflin
michael: woo hoo, shout out
dwight: hello everyone i am sure you have seen the item in the journal.i just want to stress that its all conjecture.if theres any concrete news you will know asap
michael: erin, do we have the journal
erin: your feelings journal?you told me to put it in the time capsule
michael: did you
pam: michael, he means the wall street journal online
michael:  oh, the wall.
oscar: i found the article. “on a day marked by panicked corporate board meetings, one that is relatively not surprising is dunder mifflins.it is rumored that they will recommend… ” and the article cuts off
michael: its $1.99 to finish the article.i wonder what it was going to say?
jim: are you serious?
andy:  i got it, i got it… oh, tuna beat me to it
phyllis: “it is rumored that they will recommend declaring bankruptcy.
michael: no, no, that doesnt make any sense
stanley: oh lord, were all gonna lose our jobs
oscar: not necessarily, bankruptcy could mean a lot of things.maybe theyre just restructuring to get out of debt
michael: oh, that sounds awful
oscar: or it could mean the end of dunder mifflin
michael: oh god.well, thats an interesting theory
dwight: you know what?you can all have jobs at schrute farms as human scarecrows.it doesnt pay much and you cant unionize.
michael: ah, well maybe you should spy on him. oh my god, wouldnt that be hilarious!
michael: ok, ok.good.ill catch you on the flippity flip.bye. hes busy, hell call me back when hes free.
kevin:  michael, are you ok?did you throw up in there
michael: no, im just poopin.you know how i be
kevin: it smells like throw up in here
michael: crazy world.lotta smells.
kelly: guys, what if this is our last day at work?what if we never see each other ever again?
andy: i like erin. there, i said it.i was kinda hoping she would ask me out, but things have not panned out on that front, so… it is time for the nard dog to take matters into his own paws.
jim: we have to do something because people are losing it out there wondering whats going to happen
michael: ok, we need some sort of distraction for everybody.anything new on youtube?doesnt even need to be good.oh god, i cant think, need more mullins.
jim: listen, wallace said these were just rumors, right? so we have no reason to think the company is anything but fine.so if we just go on with our work, you and me, theyll follow along
michael:  monkey see, monkey do
jim: thats it
michael: monkey pee all over you
jim: that rhymes, so what have we on the docket today
michael: we have a monthly staff meetin
jim: alright, lets conference room it up! heres the deal guys.there is no new information as of yet, so i suggest we all just keep working.
jim: sure im a little nervous, but doing our work will make us feel better.i only slack off when things are good.
jim:  customers have to use the coupon code from the website.and as of now there is no differentiation between the letter o and the zero, but we are working on that. stay tuned for that
dwight:  he needs me.seat saved infinity.
jim: ok, great
michael:   what? oh my god!there has been a murder.theres been a murder in savannah. 
michael: games have the power to distract people from stressful situations.battleship got me through my parents divorce.operation got me through my vasectomy, i.e., my operation.i dont think i would have been able to endure my breakup with holly had it not been for toss across.
meredith:   belles, bourbon and bullets, a murder mystery dinner party game
michael:  it is so much fun.everybody plays a character, we go around the room, we try to figure out who did it…
jim: hey, i am wondering if this is a, uh, terrible idea
michael: this is my call jim, big picture stuff, its about murder
jim: i thought we agreed that we wouldnt do things like this
michael: tube city, you owe me one.
jim:  co-managing is a give and take.you have to pick your battles.one of the battles that i picked was to stop michael from running plastic tubes all over the office and placing hamsters inside of them.he was going to call it tube city. so, yes, i do owe him one.
stanley: this is ridiculous.
michael:  there will be food. you leave, you do not get food
stanley: what kind of food
michael: sandwich platters
stanley: im in.
michael:  baby carrots. 
michael: ok, here are your character cards.take one, pass it down. here is your prop box, some of your characters will have props.now, on your character card, it tells you who you are, and what your alibi is.everything else is up to your imagination.so, if you talk slowly in real life, your character could, say, have been kicked in the head by a horse
kevin: whoa, ill try it
michael: ok, use your imaginations.
andy: whod you get
erin: naughty nellie nutmeg, a vivacious young socialite with a penchant for scandal
andy: oooooo, saucy
erin: how about you
andy:  nathaniel nutmeg, the local bartender and nellies brother.
angela: michael, i dont like this game.its scary
michael: its not scary
angela: i dont like my character
pam: who are you
angela: voodoo mama juju, the witch doctor of the savannah swamps.im not comfortable with this.
michael: well how do you think i feel?i mean i have to play caleb crawdad, handsome playboy.every night, a different woman.being oogled.having to hug and kiss and spoon, i make them feel beautiful.
michael:  well, well, well.what is this contraption, i do declare
oscar: its my blackberry michael, i am trying to get updates on the company
michael: whos michael?im caleb crawdad, i do declare
ryan: you dont have to keep saying “i do declare”.any time you say something it means you are declaring
michael: that is the way southern people talk
jim: and what designing woman are you basing that on
michael: delta burke, i do declare.now, shall we get to the mystery
pam: ill go.my name is deborah u. tante.deb for short
andy: thats clever, debutante
pam: bill bourbon was my uncle.i would have never hurt him any more than id hurt a june bug
meredith:  nice accent.you sound like forrest gump
pam: i do not
andy: well, you do actually.youve got this kinda like florida panhandle thing going, whereas what you really want is more of a savannah accent, which is more like molasses just sorta spillin out of your mouth
kevin:  oooo, now do the swedish chef
andy: uh, not familiar, what province is he from
kevin:  he lives on sesame street, dumbass.
phyllis: you know, i think im supposed to say something to pam, i mean, deb, ok? i overheard you asking the butler where the pistol was kept
dwight: wait a minute, wait a minute.im the butler.you were listening in on that?you rich people.you think you can do whatever you want to the servant class
michael: no, no, no. dont turn this into a political thing
dwight: i will poison your food.
andy:  i reckon i got something to say to miss beatrix bourbon, ifn she dont mind
michael: oooooo, doggie, we got a party now!
michael:  i do believe that the game is a big hit. people are really diving into their characters.
kevin: yall.
creed: sorry im late, boss.whats going on
michael:  sir, there has been a murder, and you are a suspect
creed: ok. hang on just a second.let me just settle in and ill be right back
michael: very good, very good.now, no one was there in the wine cellar. 
andy:  hey there young lady
erin: hello
andy:  i would be remiss if i did not ask the pretty young lady out on a date for this weekend
erin: sounds like a plan, sugar
andy:  alright, a plan it is.
dwight: voodoo mama juju, explain your dalliance with the dark arts
angela:  its not my fault, i was exposed to harry potter
dwight: i know you did it!
dwight: i know she didnt do it.its never the person you most suspect. its also never the person you least suspect, since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most.therefore i know the killer to be phyllis, aka beatrix bourbon, the person i most medium suspect.
kevin:  do you want to go out on a date with me?we can make out by the horses
erin: well, you know ol nellies always up for a romp in the hay
meredith: how about a threesome
erin: yeah, my boudoirs always open
kevin: nice.
andy: im a little worried i might have asked out naughty nellie and not erin.which would be a whole lot less appealing, because naughty nellie says yes to everyone.and she might be a murderer.
oscar: i just got an email from corporate, specifically for accounting to stop all payments to our vendors
phyllis: what does that mean
oscar:  well, maybe nothing but it could mean a problem with liquidity
michael:  whoa. whats this strange yankee accent coming out of your mouth, son?this heres savannah
oscar:  this plantation, were running low on greenbacks.were having problems paying the people who give us the seeds and the dirt.we cant pay…  – michael, i cant – basically it could mean a lot of things, but it is unprecedented, so its cause for concern
jim: ok, im going back to work
michael: no no no no no no no.  im going to skip forward to a relevant clue.here we go.
phyllis: michael, i was doing so well
michael:  are you going to believe that? that is a mis- thats a misdirection.we still dont know who the murderer is. nellie nutmeg, come back in here.i cant do this myself.voodoo mama juju… what am i gonna do?
jim: ok, so corporate is still in their meeting
kevin:  that could be a good sign
angela: hey everyone, kevins going to give us his take on the situation.lets listen up
jim: alright guys, its a work day and you guys work here, so lets go do some work
kevin: now, jim telling us all to work?i think that is a very good sign
angela: dont just say things
jim:  oh, hey, michael. listen, i brought up those sales targets.do you want to
michael:   i do believe you have me mistaken, my name is caleb crawdad. yall skedaddled way too soon.we need to reopen this case
jim: no, youre not reopening the case.the case is closed
michael: no it aint.
dwight: frankly, im not surprised.a lot of the evidence seemed to be based on puns.
andy: just thinking about weekend at bernies.its funny, the guys dead the whole time
erin: i havent seen it
andy: speaking of weekends, you excited about our date this weekend
erin:  of course, nathaniel
andy: yeah, ok
erin:  where are you taking me
andy:  well, finest steakhouse in all savannah
erin:  savannah?thats a far way from scranton
andy: did you mean a real date
erin:  no.  did you
andy: totally… not. 
erin: i thought it was for real.so i was excited, but it was just, it was part of the game.
dwight: youre sure it was water, it couldnt have been acid
michael:  i already declared you, it was too dark to tell
dwight: stop playing games with me, crawdad
michael: this is not a game, this is my life.you are out of order, sir
dwight: answer me
michael: you are out of order
dwight: you are out of order
michael: you are-
pam: i think michael may have snapped
jim: or maybe hes just stuck in character
pam: well, which is worse? snapped or stuck
jim: both.theyre both worse.
jim: its going to be alright. were a good company, well figure this out.were not going under
pam: jim, what if we both lose our jobs?im trying to think of a way that this all ends up fine, and i cant think of one.
michael:  deb, what in the world – do you have the vapors
jim: michael, not now
michael: cant wait, we have to get you to our witch doctor right now.come on.come on
pam: i should just go.where to now caleb
michael: to mama juju boo boo.
jim: michael, can i… ok, im just going to skip right past the what and go with why
michael: because this is the recreation of a crime scene
meredith:   im the dead body and these are my brain chunks
dwight: hey shut up.youre dead
jim: michael, can i talk to you in your office
michael: no michael here, my name is
jim: caleb!
jim: today of all days…
michael: no, you shut up.they need this game, jim.let us have this stupid little game, alright? 
michael:  oh, you startled me.my stars, my heart nearly leapt out of my chest.what can i do you for
erin: wallace is on the phone.hes returning your call
michael: detective wallace
erin: i dont think so.i think its david wallace from dunder mifflin
michael: aw, shucks, tell him im not here
oscar: youre not gonna answer the phone
michael: no, i only answer to detective wallace cause i got a warm body in the other room
jim: ill take it.
jim: hey david
david: hey, sorry to be getting back to you guys so late.things are still a bit unclear, we didnt officially decide anything yet
jim: oh, ok
david: but if i can be candid with you here jim, its not good.we fully expect to be out of money by the end of the year.insolvent.so, well… you know what?im sorry, i have to run.but we will talk soon, ok
jim: sure.oh, you know, while i have you… today i was working on this pitch for a supermarket chain, and it would actually be a big account and i wanted to
david: you know what? i cant really get my head around anything like that right now, but thats great.keep after it, but i gotta run
jim: ok
david: thanks jim
jim: see ya.
pam: whats the news
jim: nothing yet
phyllis: well, i guess thats not
jim: well there is some bad news. there has been another murder
michael: a murder, you say?i do declare
jim: conference room everyone
stanley: do we have to play
jim: no
stanley: super
dwight: oh, this could be a juicy one
michael: get in there!
jim: i think today was a good day to have two managers.‘cause if youre a family stuck on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean, one parent might want to just keep rowing.but if the other parent wants to play a game, its not because theyre crazy.its because theyre doing it for the kids.and i get that now.
michael: there has been a lot of murder and a lot of intrigue.my little heart can barely take it no more. today is the hardest i have worked in a long, long time.
andy:  i didnt do it
dwight: ok, everybody just calm down
andy: i am calm
michael: on the count of three were all going to put down our guns
dwight: i have crossbows
michael: well put down our weaponry on the count of three, you ready
dwight: ok, im ready
michael: one, two, three.. 
jim: andy revealed himself to be a double agent.at which point dwight felt comfortable revealing that he also was double agent.and then michael announced to everybody that – get this- he was a double agent.oh, and it is 6:00.
jim: really
pam:  it wasnt me.im not goin down for this
jim: yeah, i want to go home
pam: get the keys out of my purse, start the car. 
