man:  next up, secretary schrute will read the minutes from sundays meeting
dwight:  minutes from previous meeting of knights of the night. no, jim, hey
jim:  oh
dwight:  this meeting is for knights of the night only.
dwight:  knights of the night are volunteer crime patrollers. were often compared to the guardian angels, but we could not be more different from them. seriously, we are nothing like the guardian angels. i mean, broad strokes purposes, sure. think guardian angels.one of our many recent good deeds? we set out to capture the scranton strangler. mission accomplished. not by us.
jim:  im actually just looking for my blackberry, so, carry on
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no. i see how this movie ends. you make fun of me, everyone laughs, ha, ha, ha… screw you
man:  dwight, dont be bothered by your friends presence
dwight:  what are you going to do now? are you going to make fun of our leaders weird voice? huh?  dwight, dont be bothered by the . over the line, jim
jim:  im just looking for my phone, so… pretend im not here
dwight:  fine. minutes from previous meeting of knights of the night. thats our official name, jim
jim:  sounds good
dwight:  reflective strips were glued to patrol jackets. knights went outside with flashlights to test them.
jim:  smart
dwight:  and the rest was just stuff
man:  go ahead and read it, some people werent here
dwight:  okay. knights stayed outside to play flashlight tag
jim:  oh, come on, that sounds awesome
member:  it was pretty cool
jim:  was it
member:  it was fun.
dwight:  it was pretty awesome
jim:   hey! yeah. no, i got it. just leaving now.
michael:  january three, 2011. a day which will live in-famously. holly partridge flax, otherwise known as holly, otherwise otherwise known as a living, breathing angel, is engaged to another man. this is freaking me out. i- okay, lets switch to the happy video, okay? no, no, no, no, lets push through. well do this.
michael:  today will either be the best or the worst day of my life. holly gave aj an ultimatum. he either proposes by new years or they break up. now, if shes engaged, im gonna go crazy, and im gonna start attacking people. if shes not engaged, in all honesty, i may just burn this whole place to the ground out of happiness. either way, i am going to need some talking down. and nobody talks me down like myself in a video talking me down.
michael:   michael, i know what youre thinking. hollys engaged to another man, and you want to kill yourself. it may seem like a good idea, but its not
erin:   snot.sorry, it sounded like you said its snot.i am so sorry
michael:  okay, so killing yourself.  i was just thinking about snot.
angela:  good morning
pam:  hey, guys! fun thing. the index cards on your desk are resolution cards. you write your new years resolution on them, ill collect them, and then display them on… da-da-da-da-da! this! resolution board
dwight:  wow. did your baby draw that?
angela:  the glitter is blinding
phyllis:  i think its good
pam:  its gonna be fun.
pam:  i recently met sue, the office administrator at vance refrigeration. she has this awesome wall full of fun initiatives and morale boosters and stuff. sue just goes for it, shes awesome.
phyllis:  i know sue. shes not that great. and you know her husbands in a wheelchair, right?
erin:  okay, champagne
michael:  happy
erin:  sponge
michael:  sad. to soak up my tears
erin:  gummi bears and gummi worms
michael:  bears sad, worms happy. come on, erin
erin:  ukuleles happy
michael:  sad, something to break
erin:  chocolates
michael:  for you, job well done
erin:  thank you! and two bottles of scotch
michael:  both sad.
erin:  and did you get the tickets
michael:  i did! i did, indeed. two front row center, to paula poundstone, live in poughkeepsie. hollys favorite. i hope she doesnt call us up on stage. that would suck. “hey, you think you can do my job better?” i dont know. “whats your name?” michael.
erin:  im really excited for michael either way. because if holly chooses to be with him, he will be so, so happy. and if not, hell be avoiding the biggest mistake of his life!
pam:  oh, hey, guys! id like to introduce you to a new little friend of mine.his name is new years resolution board.
michael:  shaaa-shut up. hello
kelly:  what happened? is there a ring
michael:  so… high five me. were back. to a happy…  look at those! mittens. are those a present
kelly:   come on
holly:  theyre warm
michael:  theyre so fuzzy and warm! let me feel those. let me feel that. put ‘er there. give me a good firm… ooh! thats a good firm handshake. youre hired! yes, lets get right into the anderson account, shall we? yes, yes, right away
dwight:  hey, hey, hey. want me to crank the thermostat up to 90, smoke her out? she cant keep those mittens on forever
michael:  yes, no, why? stop! yes
kevin:   congratu-ohhh
kelly:  wow.
michael:  oh my god! thats it! thats it!
holly:  oh, i get it. everybody knows about the ultimatum
kelly:  yes, i told everyone.
holly:   ha ha, ha ha!
kevin:  hey!  right back atcha, bitch!
michael:  happy! happy, happy, happy, happy
video michael:  whoa, whoa, whoa, okay, calm down, breathe.
michael:  im trying
video michael:  i said breathe
michael:  im trying!
video michael:  wait a second, are you listening to music
michael:  what
video michael:  shut that off!
michael:  im not listening to music
video michael:  fine, just go crazy for a little while! lookin good! youre lookin good.  oh, i gotcha! i gotcha! im pulling you back! michael dance off
michael:  go! oh, thats nice
video michael:  go
michael:  me? okay
erin:  go!
video michael:  nice! were gonna calm down later
michael:  im good.
erin:  oh, yeah
michael:  oh my god! 
pam:  hey, dwight, im collecting resolution cards
dwight:  not doing that
pam:  why not
dwight:  ive achieved plenty and theres no better than the best
andy:  drink less caffeine. thats a good one, pam. heres mine
pam:  learn to cook for one
andy:  yeah. i love cooking, but i always find myself throwing out half the food that i prepare, so…two years is time to just start preparing the right amount of food for the right number of people, which is one.
pam:  well, maybe youll meet someone
andy:  no, some people dont just meet someone. im fine with it. really. this is not a pity party. its not a party at all. its just sad.
pam:  angela
angela:  yes
pam:  make time for romance
oscar:  whos the senator
angela:  my boyfriend
oscar:  oh, you mean the state senator. im sorry, i was confused, because you accidentally wrote ‘the senator
angela:  ugh
dwight:  wait, its that easy? thats not a resolution, thats just… something i want to do. okay, fine. i can do that…  my resolution is… meet a loose woman
angela:  oh, god
andy:  thats a good one
dwight:  yeah
andy:  you know what, thats my new one. im taking that one, too
dwight:  awesome
darryl:  you know what you guys should do? go to the bookstore at lunch. theres tons of cuties and its easy to talk to them. ‘hey, what book is that? cool, lets hang out tonight. sex already? whoa…
andy:  the bookstore?
dwight:  its that easy
darryl:  ill come with you, show you how its done
dwight:  okay, ill drive.
darryl:  my resolution is to read more. and if someone else is driving me to the bookstore, i can eat my pb&amp;j in the car. 2011 is coming up all darryl.
michael:  hello! oh, somebodys got a new phone!
holly:  yeah
michael:  that is neat.
holly:  i got it for christmas. im so out of my league here
michael:   e.t. phone holly. holly like phone
holly:   holly misses old phone
michael:   why
holly:   new phone is confusing. gets bad reception.
michael:   bummer
holly:   bummer
michael:   reeses pieces
holly:   reeses pieces
kelly:  oh, god, please stop
michael:  i still have my old phone. this thing… indestructible.
holly:   oh, i should get this. hey! oh, no, dont go see that one, i want to see that together. yeah, go see that action one. okay. i love you, too. all right.
michael:  holly doesnt seem to be engaged, but shes talking to aj like she is. i cant figure it out. do you think shes already dating a different aj
pam:  i dont think so
michael:  when you broke it off with roy, did you still tell him you loved him
pam:  no
michael:  but you did still love him
pam:  im not… im not going to have
michael:  do you love him now
pam:  no! just talk to her
michael:  no. shed just resent me. or worse! she would think of me as her friend.  oh, hi friend! blegh
phyllis:  ill talk to her, michael
michael:  you think shed talk to you
phyllis:  why wouldnt she
michael:  thats true. shes really nice. shed talk to anybody. why dont you bring erin to balance you out
pam:  theres a plan.
andy:  all right! we should divide up by section. i will take romance and travel
dwight:  ill take the entirety of the second floor
darryl:  i got that cutie behind the counter.
darryl:  whoa, i work at a paper company, those things terrify me. they could put us out of business, you know? i heard those machines hold like, ten books at once
darryl:  holy , what? let me see that. its so light. like a croissant.
andy:  hi
customer:  hi
dwight:  welcome
andy:  let us know if you need anything
customer:  thanks
andy:  why did we pretend like we work here
dwight:  is that what we were doing?
darryl:  hey, howd you do
andy:  good
dwight:  good. real good
darryl:  really
dwight:  yeah, yeah!
andy:  we kinda nailed it
dwight:  yeah, pretty much. but, you know, this place is kinda tapped out, so. lets roll
darryl:  cool
dwight:  okay. whatd you get
darryl:  a book about oceans
dwight:  oh, really? what else? let me see
darryl:  no, thats uh. porn. pornography. old lady… nasty… porn.
phyllis:   follow my lead. hey, want some company
erin:  want some company
holly:  oh, sure. have a seat. how were your breaks
phyllis:  oh, really good, i went to portugal
erin:  i went to portugal
holly:  oh, wow… you went together
phyllis:  no
erin:  no
phyllis:  so, ive just gotta know. whats going on with you and aj
holly:  nothing really happened. i mean, i know i made a big deal about this whole new years deadline, but um, it came and went… and, were still together
phyllis:  you didnt break up with aj at all? i mean, not even for a week to make him buy you a present
holly:  it just wasnt fair of me to give him an ultimatum in the first place. the whole thing is totally my fault. but were going to be just fine. just fine.
darryl:  whoa! hold on
dwight:  i am not going back until i fulfill my resolution
darryl:   oh, no, no, no. uh-uh.
dwight:  come on, why not? ive never been in one before. im tired of being mr. perfect role model all the time
darryl:  im telling you, dont do it. ive got nothing against strip clubs, but i do have something against them at noon on a monday. the day shift at a strip club? you cant unsee that
dwight:  well, we cant just go back, i mean, we came out to meet women
andy:  hey, theres a roller rink across the street! theres always chicks at the rink
darryl:  what kind of chicks are you going to meet there
andy:  i dont know. single moms at a skating party. sweet sixteen, ten year reunion parties.
dwight:  chicks fall down, need help getting back up
andy:  roller derby practice
darryl:  were going skating.
pam:  the goal of this meeting is to get everybody excited about their resolutions! whos been good about their resolutions so far? erin. tell us about it
erin:  well, my goal was to learn a new word every single day. and i must say that it is going immensely
pam:  cool! heres a little ‘way to go gift from sabre.
gabe:  intercepted
erin:  hey! gabe
gabe:  whoops
pam:  creed. i noticed you dont have a resolution on the board. whats yours
creed:  i want to do a cartwheel. but real casual-like. not make a big deal about it. but i know everybody saw it. just one stunning, gorgeous cartwheel
pam:  how is it going
creed:  im having a little trouble motivating.
pam:  one of the hardest parts about making resolutions is keeping them. in fact, most resolutions are abandoned by february.
michael:  or sooner
pam:  yeah.
michael:  thats not a joke
pam:  but thats okay. because its not about being perfect, its about trying.in fact, why dont we go around and confess some of the ways that weve fudged on some of our resolutions
kevin:  well, i said that i would eat more vegetables, and i havent yet. but its okay. i still have time, since last year, i ate none
pam:  okay, well, my confession is that today i had a sip of coffee. but thats fine
michael:  is it
pam:  yes! because with all of your support, by this time next year maybe ill be down to one glass of iced tea a week
michael:  next year? come-i mean, what is the point? what is the point of that? i made a resolution to floss, and i did it. 12:01, january first, bam! blood everywhere
kevin:  well not all of us are michael freaking scott
michael:  what is wrong with you people? cant you stick to anything? erin, i want you to go to the kitchen and get me some vegetables. creed, you say you want to do a cartwheel? nothings stopping you. come on, old man, do a cartwheel
creed:  well, i cant, i dont know how
michael:  youre just gonna somersault around for the rest of your life and you know whats going to be on your tombstone?loser
creed:  my tombstones already made, thank you
michael:  just do a cartwheel
erin:  this is all i could find
michael:   eat it
pam:  you dont have to do that, kevin
kevin:  i dont know. im glad this is happening. thank you, michael
kelly:  why are you eating stem first
kevin:  this is a new food for me, how else should i eat it
ryan:  the other way
kevin:  can i get some cheese whiz? or hollandaise
michael:  no. no cheese whiz, no hollandaise, no chocolate sauce, just eat it. come on. here comes the airplane, there you go. open, open, into the hanger, there you go
pam:  oh, michael.
michael:  eat it. put it in your mouth, and just eat it
kevin:  god, i hate it
michael:  i dont care whether you hate it! you said youd do it!
angela:  all right
michael:  eat it
kelly:  youre killing him, michael
michael:  all right, all right, shh
kevin:  all right, i ate the fluffy part, can i be done
michael:  let me see if you swallowed it, open your mouth. under your tongue.  oh, god! you guys are pathetic.
kevin:  can i get some candy, or something
michael:  no! you cant have any candy
oscar:  ill get him water.
pam:  okay, michael, just settle down.
michael:   holly flax
holly:  yes, michael
michael:   not michael, e.t
holly:  whats up
michael:  well, i just want to talk about what happened in there.
holly:  oh, no, michael, i dont want to talk about it with you. i mean, im fine, i just… i dont want to talk about it.
michael:  holly, come on in. thanks for coming. i thought there should be an hr rep here for this. so, kevin and creed, things got a little bit intense in the conference room
creed:  you think
michael:  and i wanted to apologize. these resolutions should be about you, and i made it about me, and it was none of my beeswax.
kevin:  you were super mean
michael:  it was insensitive and i am sorry
kevin:  it was traumatizing, michael. i wouldnt be surprised if i never ate a vegetable again
michael:  i really wanted you to follow through on your resolutions. the cartwheel, the veggies… i… care about you. very much. and you loom so large in my heart that i crossed the line.
kevin:  okay, michael, no offense, but you need to get your own life.
michael:  youre right. and i hope that we can still be friends.
creed:  i dont think im there yet, boss
kevin:  well, i am.
michael:  okay, oh! all right
kevin:  im going to help you
michael:  okay.
dj:  hey, uh. its just you. anything you want to hear
andy:  um… dave matthews band. no hits! deep tracks only
dj:  okay.
andy:  i said no hits!
ryan:  i just feel blocked. like im living, but im not
kevin:  hey, ryan
ryan:  yeah
kevin: hows your fart project coming
ryan:  thats real, real classy, kevin. hey, was it me or you that just shoved the butt end of a pound of broccoli into my mouth because michael told me to
kevin:  me
pam:  kevin, dont! come on
kelly:  oh, pam, soda. caffeine
pam:  yeah, just a little, i have a lot to deal with today
meredith:   well, if you dont have to do em…
kelly:  meredith, what are you doing? i could be pregnant
ryan:  okay, no.
kelly:  my resolution was to get more attention.
ryan:  no, shes lying
kevin:  hey, ryan.
erin:  one, two, three.  i did it! i did a cartwheel
creed:   you!  you! god
pam:  okay, thats it.
pam:   lesson learned.
darryl:  sup
andy:  hey! where did you go
darryl:  to the arcade
andy:  oh, cool
darryl:  why, did you meet someone
andy:  yeah, i did actually. his name is andy, and he roller skates like a greek god and you know what? i kinda like hanging out with him
darryl:  right on, son
dwight:  gentlemen
andy:  and where did you go
dwight:  strip club. i was looking at the strippers at the strip club
darryl:  right
dj:  so, thats it, guys? if you want, i can put on the strobe
dwight:  yeah!
erin:  you want to keep this
michael:  no
erin:  do you want to keep this
michael:  yup
erin:  do you want to keep this
michael:  you can toss them.
michael:  my resolution? i never want to make holly cry again. unless its from laughing too hard. or making love too beautifully.
holly:  were gonna be just fine. you know how you say something over and over and the words start to sound weird? going to be just fine… just fine… just fine… just fine…
holly:  i just think we need to cool things down for awhile.yeah, a break. at least until i get back to nashua. yeah, im sure.
michael:  look at where youre going to be doing the cartwheel. so look at where youre going to be placing your hands. so pick a spot
creed:  mmmhm
michael:  you ready to do this
creed:  yes, sir
michael:  you know what? im going to stay here as long as it takes
creed:  i really appreciate it, boss
michael:  its about you. its about you. go
creed:  i did it
michael:  you did
creed:  the perfect cartwheel
michael:  okay
creed:  what a rush! thats all i had to do all year
michael:  congratulations. all right. well, all right. see you tomorrow.
