michael:  kahlua sombrero, please
waiter:  all right, so just you tonight
michael:  actually, i am meeting somebody, but im a little bit early. leaving my company. after 19 years
deangelo:  ill drink to that. im starting at a company this week
michael:  oh, really
deangelo:  to begginings and endings.
michael:  and to middles, the unsung heroes. and to moms
deangelo:  the moms and the troops
michael:  do not tell my fiance im drinking on a wednesday.
deangelo:   i wont… i dont know her
michael:  im moving out to the burbs… actually, im moving further than the burbs, im moving to colorado
deangelo:  colorado! the sunshine state
michael:  yep. dont mess with colorado.
deangelo:  doing some skiing?
michael:  no, no. i dont want to end up like sunny bobo
deangelo:  well thats just good sense right there. everyone i know who skis is dead
michael:  you know, i would like to try the luge, through
deangelo:  try it once, youre hooked. thats my guess
michael:  thats what ive heard
deangelo:  im an olympics nut
michael:  oh yeah? me too. summer or winter
deangelo:   knuckles! actually, i gotta come around and give you…
deangelo:  you know, its funny, i tried to get an animal olympics going
michael:  really? what happened
deangelo:  you know, life happened. what are you gonna miss most about scranton
michael:  oh… wow. the mountains. where things are
deangelo:  thats the way it goes
michael:  man, he is late. im gonna call him. do you mind? im sorry.
deangelo:  excuse me. hello? you running late
michael:  no, im here. im right… im at the bar.
deangelo:  im at the bar too
michael:  you are? what bar
deangelo:  im at the bar. the bar thats located in the lobby of the hotel
michael:  i… do not see you
deangelo:  how long have you
michael:  im been here about… gosh, over half an hour
deangelo:  ok, me too
michael:  whatre you wearing
deangelo:  i am wearing a grey suit, red tie
michael:  are we both at the right place
deangelo:  which place
michael:  i hear your voice
deangelo:  i hear your voice, i see your lips moving
michael:  i see your voice in the phone. oh, man!  michael scott
deangelo:  deangelo vickers
michael:  wow… that is insane! 
deangelo:  that is insane, that is the right term. lets get some vodka up in this cranberry, and one for my friend.
michael:   here we go! are you ready
deangelo:  i am ready.
michael:  alright! here we go!
michael:  this is it. what do you think
deangelo:  oh, shell do. shell do just fine.
deangelo:  i am very much looking forward to tommorow. it feels like the culmanation of a lot of hard work, a lot of good fortune
michael: 
deangelo:  did that? did that just happen?!  we should.. we should write a movie or something! im serious!
oscar:  michael is leaving. and apparently theyve already hired a new manager. and were meeting him today. its a lot to process. paperwork wise.
kevin:   nope! its not ashton kutcher. its kevin malone! equally handsome, equally smart! 
michael:  ok, everyone, as you know, one of my favorite things is fanfare for its own sake. so, without further ado, lets start clapping! presenting deangelo vickers!
deangelo:  
michael:  come on out!
deangelo:  hello!  how are you sir
michael:  i am well, sir, how are you
deangelo:  can i just say, i am so excited to be working here. little bit about myself, i love the american southwest, for starters. you may call them arizona, new mexico, nevada, utah, i call them heaven. i have a peanut allergy, something i live with, its a part of me. ive learned to cope with it. what else, im just as comfortable at the ball game as i am at the opera. i was a-
dwight:  did i want to be made manager? sure. a great opportunity squandered? absolutely. a crushing blow? yes. will i get over it? no. but life goes on. not for me.
kelly:   ill get that you guys. dont… its just… you know
deangelo:   ill help you
kelly:  oh, hi!
deangelo:  hello
kelly:  have we met before?
deangelo:  no, not officially, actually, i saw you walking out of the bathroom before
kelly:  well, i guess ill go back to my cave. it was really great meeting you
deangelo:  
kelly:  and that is what you call a meet cute.
michael:  and we talk for like 20 minutes, no clue its deangelo the whole time
darryl:  kind of embarassing
angela:  yeah, that story makes you sound stupid
michael:  i happen to like the hilarious hijinx i get myself into. there he is! deangelo, i was just telling them about last night, when we met. remember that? that was crazy
deangelo:  oh.  that was… lets see, wheres my replacement? wheres the guy im replacing? why dont i look to the left? hes sitting right there!
michael:  oh yeah… i know… thats what i was just saying… thats what
deangelo: 
andy:  that exact situation is why i always carry around some of these.  nametags. just in case. because sometimes you just need to i.d. yourself
deangelo:   office funny guy! always glad to have an office funny guy around!
andy:  i wasnt even trying to make a joke. but i guess ive always been sorta quirky, offbeat, a little twisted.
michael:  this is jim and pam, aka jap. what started as an affair has blossomed into a family before our eyes
pam:  well, it wasnt an affair
michael:  yes it was
pam:  but, no, but we are a family
jim:   we made that
pam:  cecelia
deangelo:  well, congratulations. i have four kids of my own
pam:  really? oh, my gosh! we just have the one, but she poops for four. 
pam:  uh oh. someone started off on the right foot with the new boss
jim:  yeah, they dont ever talk about careers that were made because of unplanned pregnancies.
dwight:  thanks for meeting me
michael:  are you kidding? id come anywhere to see a turtle? whered you find him
dwight:  theres no turtle, michael. i just wanted to get you here
michael:  you know me very well, dwight
dwight:  thats because im your right-hand man, michael, but i cant do it again. i cant do it again for a whole new guy.
michael:  now im gonna have to go online and look at turtles or ill be off all day
dwight:  i want to be manager. i just dont understand why i wasnt even interviewed for the job. whats wrong? i was totally qualified, you were pushing for me.
meredith:  that apple looks delic
deangelo:  i do a lot of portion control. i try to keep my daily calor intake under 1200.
stanley:  deangelo, youre going to starve to death. 
michael:  so you decided to have an orgy and not invite me? i call the middle
darryl:  its cool that you like the southwest. its one of my favorite regions.
darryl:  its one of my favorite regions? did i just sound totally lame? no, i sounded good.
darryl:  i love the desert. its one of my favorite ecosystems.
deangelo:  heres the great thing about the southwest; theres so much more than desert. along the north rim of the grand canyon is a forest as lush as youve ever seen.
kevin:  burnt! its lush, dummie. hey, deangelo, what do you think of bald people? i hate them
angela:  deangelo, i forget, did you mention you like politics?
deangelo:  i did not
angela:  cause i was thinking that you should meet my boyfriend, hes a state senator. i really think the two of you would hit it off. hes a great person to know
deangelo:  sounds very interesting, thank you.
erin:  dunder mifflin, this is erin. ok, let me transfer you
deangelo:  why do you use your name when you use the phone
erin:  oh, thats how pam does it. i just copy her. shes sort of a living legend
deangelo:  try it without using your name
erin:  dunder mifflin, this is… oh, i like it
deangelo:  dunder mifflin, how may i assist you
erin:  oh, assist
michael:  i sorta like the old way
deangelo:  i just prefer it without the name and i thought- ive got to start doing some managing at some point
michael:  i know, i know, im sorry, but if its not a big deal we should just
deangelo:  and it really isnt.
michael:  is that good
erin:  yeah, ok, good
deangelo:  well, id like to change it, actually
michael:  well, whatever. whatever you think will work
erin:  what do you think
deangelo:  i think a change would be nice
michael:  you can do the old way or whatever you think would work.
denagelo:   change it
erin:   …im so sorry. sorry. 
deangelo:  hey, funny guy. wanna have a little mid-day lawl here. make me laugh, huh? what you got? i cant even look at you
andy:  here we go… ok… what do african americans call…
erin:  deangelo, did you order a barber
deangelo:  oh, yeah. put a pin on that, kid. cant wait to hear the punchline
darryl:  finish the joke, andy. what do african americans call
andy:  i… dont know. help me.
ryan:   that is so badass. so hardcore
phyllis:  yeah, real cool. real power move
deangelo:  i saw a hawk today. just sitting right there on the overpass. looking at me
michael:   shave me.  this is going to be funny! looks like we are going to be shaving buddies
deangelo:  ok, alright! i love it! i love it! michael, this is reggie. he is the #1 yelp reviewed shaver in scranton. its not even close
michael:  and this is erin and she is going to shave my face. here we go. 
deangelo:  alright. this is how we do it. feels nice, doesnt it
michael:  it really does. this is luxery. here we go. ah, that is nice
oscar:  you wanted to talk to us deangelo
deangelo:  ah, yes, please! just cozy up there. just thought we could have some rap sessions with smaller groups
michael:  well, we dont really do rap sessions. we kinda do…  god… we sorta do more of like powwows or
deangelo:  ok, then, powwows then, fine
michael:  thats
pam:  hey, deangelo, my mom just sent me this picture of cece, it is so adorable
jim:  alright, wait, little bit of backstory, she loves dogs. she calls them ‘da-das
pam:  da-das
jim:  and what happens here is
deangelo:  you know what, enough about your baby, ok? im sorry
jim:  we were… i think she was just trying to
deangelo:  no, no, no, i know what youre doing. just quit it. i want to hear from the rank and file. how can i be the best manager for you all? what can i do better
michael:  you know what, everybody? you have to be honest, here. you cant say that everything is perfect. so, you know, come up with something
oscar:  well, deangelo, id say communication could be improved. people stopped reading memos, so everyone marks them urgent
michael:  ok, you know what, i mark it urgent a, urgent b, urgent c, urgent d. urgent a is the most important, urgent d you dont even really have to worry about
erin:  michael, can you stop talking now? i need to shave your lips
michael:  dont shave my lips.
deangelo:   whats up
andy:  i dont mean to go into a rant here, but…
andy:  i wrote the perfect joke. topical, edgy, funny.
andy:  …i saw this thing on the news. democrats want electric cars. republicans dont. im thinking, ‘how crazy is it that we have a car debate going on in a city known for gridlock
deangelo:  lets not talk politics in the office, ok? i like you better as a funny guy
andy:   i wasnt taking a position. its just one of those things where-
deangelo:   now thats funny! thats funny! you walk much
andy:  yeah, right, i mean- 
deangelo:  little click
erin:   deangelo, this box came for you
deangelo:  thank you. thats my stuff. yeah. michael, take a look at this
stanley:  need a hand
deangelo:  oh, thatd be great, thank you stanley
michael:  you know, this office sort of has a perfect feng shui to it, so… you know, lets not go overboard with the re-decorating, and im still here
ryan: 
michael:  i still have to look at this stuff, guys
darryl:  so this is a ten-gallon hat, huh
deangelo:  yep, ten-gallon hat. technically, it only holds about three quartz. little factoid
kevin:  interesting.
michael:  deangelos great. i love the guy. but im not sure hes a great fit for the office. and also, im not sure if i love the guy.
darryl’s sister: 
darryl:  cool, cool. alright, see you later
darryl’s sister:  hey, hey, hey!
darryl:  no, im good. keep them.
deangelo:  hey, funny man! whatcha got for me? make me laugh
andy:   lets see if they have my favorite teas in here…
deangelo:   drink some soap
andy: 
deangelo:  
andy:  i guess this is my life now.
dwight:  how do i become a manger at sabre
gabe:  first things first, thank you for coming here directly. i know you could have called tallahassee but they wouldve just looped back to me, so, its cool you recognized my role here
dwight:  i left a message at corporate
gabe:  ahh. there you go. get a recommendation from michael. thatll put you right on the shortlist for next time theres an opening
dwight:  cant you just use the recommendation you already have on file
gabe:  what recommendation
dwight:  from when he recommended me to replace him
gabe:  …im sorry, i never know how to act in these awkward-type situations.
deangelo:  best whale watching: easily the west coast. if youre going whale watching on the east coast, you might wanna bring a magazine called “west coast whales.  because youre not gonna see them
michael:   snack time! its the witching hour! its the sandwitching hour
kevin:  awesome
phyllis:  mmm, whatcha got
michael:  pb and j, my moms recipe!
angela:  michael! deangelo has a peanut allergy
deangelo:  i need a wide berth. i need a wide berth from those nuts
stanley:  what are you doing? have you lost your mind
michael:  i think kevin wants one. kevin, here you go!
oscar:  michael, this is serious! do you know what happens if deangelo touches a peanut?
michael:  what
deangelo:  michael, the last time i was exposed to a peanut, i was itchy for three days, ok? i had to take baths constantly. i missed the o.j. verdict. i had to read about it in the paper like an idiot
jim:  wait, so, you dont go into shock or die or anything
deangelo:  no, jim, not everything is life or death. i want to feel comfortable
michael:  oscar, here you go.
deangelo:   youre getting nut particles all in the air
michael:  no one had a problem with the air here until you came around
deangelo:   everyone, mandatory meeting. multi-purpose room, now
michael:  no, thats good. you just stay in there, stay in there by yourself, loser. no body go in.  no body go in there. stay where you are
oscar:  michael, this is insane
michael:  no, its not insane, oscar. im been here for 19 years, and just because someone else is called the boss, youre gonna throw it all away? no.
jim:  listen, youre the one who decided to leave. come on, hes the new boss, you know we have to do this
michael:  well, who needs him. guess its just you and me, dwight
dwight:  correction. just you. alright, meeting. multi-function room.
deangelo:   hold on, hey michael, michael, wait up, hold on. um, so for these meetings do you just jump into business or do you start with some chit-chat or…
michael:  i start with some chit-chat and a maybe a couple of jokes. and you might want to develop a couple of characters. you know what, youll be fine
deangelo:  maybe. maybe not. 50/50. you know what, it is too bad for this place that youre leaving.  bring it in, come on.  ok.
michael:  ok.  why did you have to be so damn good
deangelo:  i… im adequete. im half as good as you
michael:  no, no, no. come on. you are good, they know it
deangelo:  will you do me a favour and enjoy this time, ok? youve worked so hard, get your senioritis on. its lake havasu time
micahel:  guess ive been working so hard i forgot what its like to be hardly working
deangelo:  ok. what is the native american girls name
michael:  youll figure it out.
jim:  hey, deangelo! wanna meet cece
deangelo:  thats a cute baby. very cute baby. adorable. very cute
jim:  thank you very much.
pam:  see, we knew it! if he just met her, hed understand
jim:  were back in! right?
deangelo:  i swear, that baby could be the star of a show entitled ‘babys i dont care about.
