stanley:   you fallin behind
ryan:   wuphf.com
kelly:  ryan, were doing the dance
ryan:  this is how you build a business. this is how you make it in this country
creed:   you got creed
ryan:  -and you jump in front of them
kelly:  you make it so hard to love you sometimes
stanley:  still behind
angela:   i said i didnt want to be on the internet
andy:  go, go, go, go!
michael: 
all:  streamers!
dwight:  hiya! ha!
phyllis:  dwight!
stanley:  are you crazy
andy:   toby, how did we do
toby:  well, that was better
andy:  whoo! we did it! 
michael:  i suppose summer had to end sometime. its sad, though, because i had a great summer. i got west nile virus, lost a ton of weight. then i went back to the lake. i stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. that got infected even though i peed on it. saw ‘inception. or at least i dreamt i did.
andy:  brocolli rob, obviously, will be there
erin:  yes, of course
andy:  and jc. we call him blorville, because he looks like a black orville redenbacher.
erin:  whos the guy who invented the peanut
gabe:  hey, guys
andy:  hey
gabe:  sorry, didnt mean to interrupt.
andy:  not at all.
gabe:  im gonna head back to siberia there. ciao. 
gabe:  i started dating erin this summer. it has been, in a word, exquisite.
erin:  gabe is awesome. he has accomplished so much career-wise and height-wise. thank god hes my boss because i would not have said yes to a first date if i didnt have to, but… its been great.
andy:  am i angry that gabe stole my girlfriend over the summer? no. ive been through anger-management, ok? so right now, i am sitting on a nice beach at cape cod, gazing out across the whitecaps. oh, look, its a humpback whale. how pretty. hes eating gabe.
pam:   hey. what are you doing
dwight:  from now on, if youre hot, sit on an ice pack
kevin:  well, what if youre cold
dwight:  like youd ever be cold, kevin. stop asking me hypothetical questions, ok? im too busy
jim:  hey, dwight, i dont know if you heard, but were supposed to be drinking out of weird backpacks instead of cups, like regular people.oh, you did hear
dwight:   jim, you have one job to do. and you do it forgettably.those of us who are busy require hands-free hydration.
dwight:  dwight schrute, star salesman, beet farmer, bed-and-breakfast proprietor, aspiring freelance bodyguard. add to that list owner of this building. then burn the list.
kelly:  this summer, i did the minority executive training program at yale. you guys, im, like, really smart now. you dont even know. you could ask me, “kelly, whats the biggest company in the world?” and id be like, “blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah,” giving you the exact right answer.
luke:  coffee monkeys arrived
oscar:  the coffees supposed to be here at 9
luke:  here you go, big o. tiny.  darryl hannah
darryl:  it says decaf. you get me decaf
luke:  ooh, yeah. mustve been some sort of mix-up there. you could just drink it, or i could drive all the way back?
darryl:  my summer, i, um, blew out my knee playing softball. ended up watching cnn most of the time. i dont know how were going to get out of afghanistan. i hate the new assistant. hes only been here for a week, and i hate him.
andy:  new guy sucks. calls me the nard-man. im the nard-dog, okay? nard-man is my father.
luke:  my name is luke cooper. i love cinema. my favorite movies are citizen kane and the boondock saints.
andy:  that kid is the worst. needs to be fired, michael
michael:  hes not the worst, okay? hes not the worst. you know whos the worst? that intern we had a few years ago. that guy-remember? eeeh! that face, how ugly he was? he was the worst. good worker, though.  ah! its not cappuccino
oscar:  he messed yours up to
darryl:  hes got to go, mike
michael:  its just coffee, guys! but, yeah, ill look into it, okay?
jim:  wow, thats a lot of keys
dwight:  the bigger the key chain, the more powerful the man
jim:  thats right. the janitor said that. by the way, the raccoons are back.
dwight:  where
jim:  i think they run through these panels and then down under the map. i wouldnt know for sure cause i dont have a trained ear. thats why i have to use one of these.
dwight:  give me that
jim:  yep. wait, and this.
dwight:  yes
jim:  go get em.
jim:  what happened to me this summer? dwight bought the building, so actually, this has been the busiest summer of my life.
dwight:   hey, whats so funny over here? ha. very nice. give me my keys.  ha. ha. not. funny. jim
pam:  sorry
jim:  oh, no. dont worry about it. i was just gonna put a couple keys on it every day until christmas. then his pants would have fallen down, which was a little gift to me, but
pam:  it was really funny
jim:  well, it would have been. so unprofessional, mrs. halpert
pam:  i love you.
phyllis:  luke? luke
luke:  whats up, venus
phyllis:  did you send those samples to justin at lehigh motors yesterday? because he didnt get em
luke:  uh, if you asked me to do it, im sure i did it. yeah, strawberries are ripe
meredith:  hey, turn off the chumbawamba and scram, twerp.
luke:  you dont have to yell
michael:  okay, rude. luke, i want you to go to the supermarket for me
luke:  what for?
michael:  to get some ice cream for everybody. its national ice cream afternoon. great.
michael:  and another thing i did this summer, i hired my nephew.
michael:  having luke here is a pretty big deal for me, because his mother, who also happens to be my half-sister, kind of cut me off from that side of the family 15 yearsa-14. the last time i saw luke was the opening day of ‘ace ventura ii and that was 95, so yes, 15 years on the dot. anyway, i lost him in a forest.
michael:  dont bother luke
pam:  why is there a circle with a line through it
michael:  that means dont. havent you seen ghostbusters, pam
phyllis:  yeah, but its like youre saying we should bother luke.
michael:  no, it… yes, okay, right.  all right, yep. my bad. i got it. here we go.
darryl:  dont dont bother luke. got it
michael:  come on. okay, um…  thats as clear as i can make it
phyllis:  hey, why cant we bother luke? he deserves it
michael:  because i dont want it getting back to sabre that were yelling at assistants. i think it would reflect poorly on us.
dwight:  whos gonna tell on us? gabe
gabe:  thatd be hilarious. uh, “jo, theyre creating a hostile work environment. stopem.
michael:  nope, it wont be gabe but actually, there is somebody in the office that is very, very close to luke
dwight:  how close
michael:  well, dwight, he wiped his butt. is that close enough for you
dwight:  yes. of course
toby:  guys, i think michael and luke are related.
michael:  no. no, toby. hes not. yes he is. hes my nephew
all:  what
michael:  luke is my nephew
oscar:  michael, thats nepotism. luke is getting special treatment because hes your nephew
michael:  yes, exactly. that is a very nice way of putting it, oscar. mixing family and business is a beautiful thing
darryl:  whats wrong with a level playing field
michael:  do you think they should have had open auditions for the band hanson? what if no one named hanson showed up? that wouldnt even make sense. or what if they just hired the littlest kid and a 50-year-old guy who was a murderer? really safe
jim:  oh, man, so many points being made.
creed:  i couldnt care less about nepotism. but, im loving the debate. great minds battling it out. and ive got a front row seat.
michael:  god, when he needed help on earth, who did he hire? jesus christ, his son
erin:  thats a really tight argument
michael:  thank you
jim:  but youre comparing you and luke to god and jesus.
michael:  no! no. im just saying, why does god get to do something that i dont
oscar:  this is hypothetical. were talking about luke who happens to be terrible.
michael:  well, then, why arent you bugging me to fire everybody whos bad? you just want me to fire luke. thats reverse nepotism.he should not be punished because he is related to me and bad at what he does
kelly:  i would just like to say something off of what darryl said about the level playing field. that is actually a zoning issue. so, thank you
oscar:  if theres nothing wrong with this, michael, why have you been keeping it a secret
michael:  because i wanted you to come to me and say, “wow, he is so great.” and i was gonna say, “well, its in the genes.” and i was actually gonna be wearing jeans. and id point to them, right? no. but you ruined it. so, thank you very much. here he comes. guys, look. i dont want you to treat him like anyone else in the office. i just want you to treat him like my nephew. hey, there he is.
erin:  hey! ice cream afternoon
michael:  whoo! whoo! whoo
kevin:  wait, soy ice cream? did you get real ice cream
pam:  or enough for everyone
luke:  no, man. there was no list. uh, but i got bagel chips
oscar:  ah, my favorite part of an ice cream party. the bagel chips.
andy:  clutch cream run, bro.
pam:  get whatever you want, on me
jim:  you really think you can make it up to me with food
pam:  i dont know. that usually works.
pam:  i feel horrible for blowing jims prank. i dont know if you can tell, but hes mildly upset. and dwight hasnt been messed with in a while, so hes become a monster. i need to make this right.
angela:  i came down here to feed the feral cats like i usually do and i found something unsavory in the back of your nephews car.
michael:  ok, you know what? just -just back off! back off!
phyllis:  well, take a look. its all the packages he was supposed to overnight. he never bothered to send them
michael:  all right, those might be his. he might own an ebay store
jim:  yep. thats exactly what my first thought was. and then i remembered having a conversation with him where he was like, “i dont own an ebay store,” so
michael:  ok, ok. you know what? this is disgusting. this is like a witch hunt. this is like the blair witch hunt project.
oscar:  oh sure, those are the expense reports that corporate was waiting for yesterday.
stanley:  lets just make this kid open this damn car
erin:  oh my gosh, those are the pants he wanted to return to talbots.
michael:  im reconsidering sending them back anyway.
andy:  you get that kid to open this car, or im gonna do it myself… by calling tripple a
michael:  wait a minute.
meredith:   im in.
michael:  dont-all right. well, ok, youve just committed a felony
oscar:  yep, here they are
phyllis:  yep, i just lost a client cause i swore i sent these samples on time
andy:  this kids costing us sales, michael
erin:  im sorry, do you want to try them on again to see
michael:  no, i know they fit. its not about the fit.
jo:  why is this my problem, michael
michael:  because gabe tattled. i was perfectly happy to just hide it from you
gabe:  those overnight packages needed to go out, and michael refuses to hold the guilty party accountable
jo:  lower yourself, gabe. i dont wanna be having a conversation with your crotch. ok, educate me now why you wont fire the boy.
michael:  you dont have all the facts
jo:  which are
michael:  i love him.
jo:  oh, god. how far has it gone
michael:  no. no. hes my nephew.
jo:  well, i got a nephew too. but he dont work for me. you know why? cause hes a screw-up. he can swim in my pool but he cant come in my house
michael:  well, this office is my pool. and my house is my house. and i just want my nephew to work in my pool
jo:  if you keep him, michael, im gonna hold you accountable for him. youre on the hook for this kid. you got that? cover his ass like tighty-whities
michael:  i will cover his ass like moss on a mississippi tree stump
jo:  was how i put it not clear enough? i mean, you had to go and make up your own saying? deal with it, boys.
michael:  luke and i have been working side-by-side as master and commander. me as master, he as commander. occasionally he will need a little push, and i will do that, and hell slow down, and ill push him again. thats the thing with kids, you have to keep pushing. you have to push them until they push you back. and then you push some more. its all about give and take, but mostly its about pushing each other.
kevin:  oh, yeah. thisll be easy. so just, like, rearrange the buttons and stuff.
pam:  yeah, yeah. like when he presses “doors closed” the doors open. or he presses “lobby” it goes to third floor, stuff like that. can you do that?
kevin:  yeah. let me take a look at the circus board.
pam:  dwight is about to get so pammed.
dwight:  hey, did you sms text message me
pam:  yeah, i wanted to show you something in the lobby. come on
dwight:   okay, thats weird. just hitting “door closed.” what
pam:  there we go.
dwight:  is this elevator going up? hey, the elevator is disobeying us! okay, okay. we are stuck. we are stuck. hank, hank! can you hear us? oh, my god. okay. emergency protocol
pam:  lets just calm down
dwight:  pam, try and pry open those front doors, immediately.
pam:  i dont
dwight:  use your talons! pry em open!
pam:  ok, dwi-oh, my god
dwight:  well, dont look, freak
pam:  dwight, what are you doing!? weve only been in here for, like, two seconds
dwight:  ive got 56 ounces of fluid in my bladder! and we have to establish a pee corner!
pam:  youve gotta be kidding me.
michael:  luke is going to use his laser pointer to point to account setup. you click on that first, then a whole new-not, no, no, no!  luke, come on. come on. not on oscars head. alright. luke, come on. stop it
luke:  what? im stopping it. thats what you said.
michael:  give me the pointer
luke:  so you just want me to move it? youre being totally unclear here. im just gonna go ahead and move it.
michael:  no, just power it down. no, no, no, no, no. not on angelas boob. come on. come on. luke, seriously.
luke:  all right, fine. fine. ill just go
michael:  okay
luke:  im gone
michael:  all right. okay. good job. okay, email accounts. so were starting with account setup
andy:  oh, my god, is it in my eyeball? i think hes burning my eye
angela:  michael, do something.
meredith:  sack up, man
michael:  okay, can i have that?
luke:  no.
michael:  ok, i am going to count down from five.
both:  five, four
michael:  im not kidding.
both:  three, two, one
michael:  give-okay. alright, give it up
luke:  no
michael:   you are going to learn to be more professional, luke
luke:  what the
michael:  thats what youre going to do, luke
luke:  what the hell was that
michael:  i had to do that.
luke:  hey,  this! screw it
michael:  all right. are we good?  youre okay. hes okay. there are many different schools of thought on capital punishment.
kevin:  that was awesome
stanley:  texas justice.
kelly:  yeah, your nephew is so lame
creed:  hes been trashing us relentlessly on twitter. yeah, its funny stuff, but mean
jim:  you follow him on twitter?
creed:  everywhere i look its betty white this and betty white that. finally a kid thats not talking about betty white. of course i follow him.
gabe:  michael, you just physically assaulted an employee. can we talk in private?
michael:  yes, of course. what is this in reference to?
jim:  pam
pam:  oh, hey jim. some prankster switched the elevator buttons on dwight.
jim:  i did not do this
pam:  i know. yeah, and it was going really great at first. i got video
jim:  this is impressive
pam:  well, you know… they dont call me the bart simpson of scranton for nothing.
jim:  do they call you that
pam:  they do call me that
jim:  come on, give me your hand. ill help you down
pam:  nope. scared of getting cut in half. also, theres pee on the floor
jim:  oh! of course there is. hey, chinese tonight
pam:  yeah
jim:  great
dwight:  how ya doin
jim:  pretty good. you must be almost out of water
pam:  stop drinking the water! stop!
andy:   no, no, no, no. its the other hand. right hand. yeah.
michael:  would have been nice to work with my family. it would have been nice if luke had been able to stay here. but he couldnt. these things seldom work out. i dont know how ringling brothers do it. night after night, town after town, all across america. you would think theyd be sick of each other by now. but, clearly, they make it work. and my hats off to them.
andy:   whoa! whoa! hey. whoa. dwight! stop!
gabe:  legal says the best way to protect us from a lawsuit is to call this a stress-induced outburst.you will have to undergo six sessions of counseling
michael:  thats it? really? thats nothing. all right. thats highway robbery
gabe:  good. well, thats the spirit
michael:  i can do that
gabe:  and, uh, you will do your counseling right here, because our hr staff are all certified counselors.
michael:  okay. wait, what
toby:  yeah, im really looking forward to working with you, michael
michael:  is there another option
gabe:  the alternative is termination. 
