dwight:  i have the best survival stock shelter in north eastern pennsylvania. but everything has a shelf-life. so i must eat and replace everything thats about to expire. its nice not to have to plan my meals.
kevin:  youre eating eight year old tomatoes
dwight:  theyre still good for another week
meredith:  you know, i think i have some type of cheese in the back of my fridge you might like.
kevin:  ive got some cheese you might like too. in between my toes.
dwight:  hardy har har. okay picture this: snowy ash drizzles from the sky. a ravenous pack of dogs surrounds you as the flame at the end of your stick dies out. theres only one hope left for you. the door to my shelter. you pound, you beg, dwight! please let me in! but i ignore your cries and do not let you in. you wanna know why
jim:  because of the sign, that says no pounding no begging
dwight:  no. because you laughed at me. kevin will be eaten! pam will be taken slave! jim will be made a warlords gesture. meredith will do ok. be assured this day will come. its just a matter of time. could be one month, could be two months
jim:  three months
dwight:  could be
jim:  four months
dwight:  i can see that happening, yes
jim:  eight months
dwight:  thats a realistic time line
jim:   eleven months
dwight:  perhaps
jim:  okay now really think hard about this one:one year
dwight:  i can see that as a very real possibility
jim:   four hundred and ninety-four months
dwight:  i can see that happening
jim:  four hundred and ninety-five months. thats just…
todd:  i really though i was becoming too much of a womanizer. i realized i had shirts in five different womens houses
michael:  still not seeing the problem here
todd:  all right, truth is i gotta couple love bumps on my ding-dong so, game-over!
michael:  it was the best of times, it was the awesomest of times. and now packer wants to come home. and ohh, look whos here to sign off on it! my boo, holly.
holly:   hi
michael:  hi.
holly:  you must be todd
todd:   whoa! im sorry, michael. i thought we were meeting holly today, not jennifer aniston
holly:   very funny. okay lets get started
todd:  after you
michael:  oh, michael! thisll be just us
michael:  oh, yes yes yes yes. just so you know, hes at his funniest when youve given him five shots.
holly:  all right
michael:  and it also helps if youve had five shots
holly:  i already have
michael:  whoa
jim:   why is packer back
michael:  is packer here
dwight:  whys he talking to holly
michael:   dont know, dont care
holly:   michael loves you, and your sales speak for themselves
todd:   oh
michael:   yes! the pack is back! ladies and gentlemen, i would like to introduce you to a man who needs no introduction, probably because most of you have done it with him. just kidding he wouldnt be interested in any of you. in all seriousness, todd packer, is a permanent salesman at this branch. and i would like to invite you to welcome him with open arms
kevin:  yes!
jim:  what!
todd:  its great to be among friends, but until then, you suckers will do
kevin:  nice! we got burned
michael:  you did! you got burned, because packers back! packer is turning in his car for a desk. he is turning in his condoms, for a condominium! although hes probably going to have to use condoms from here on out
dwight:   holly, you approved this
holly:  yes i did, i think todds gonna make a great addition to the staff
jim:  you did approve it
holly:  yeah
kevin:  what dont you understand about the word approved? it seems some of you dont know what the word approved means.
kevin:  i have very little patience for stupidity.
erin:   sorry were late. gabe fell in the shower
gabe:  im such a klutz
erin:  yeah, it took the fire department forever to get there.  oh my god, where did this come from?! who did this?!
pam:  i got erin a new computer, because the one at reception sucked. i should know. and i dont wanna say the other one was old, but its i.p. number is one!  right?
erin:  thank you pam
pam:  awwh, youre welcome.  my pleasure
jim:   can i do something for ya
pam:  i just helped someone out. it feels good
jim:  nice. you know, i cleaned our daughter for like, an hour at four a.m. this morning, so
pam:  so you know the feeling.
michael:  special delivery for dwight k. schrute
dwight:  i didnt order anything
michael:  and i dont have anything for you. but i do wanna talk to you about something. we have been thinking about where packer should sit… and we cant just sit around and wait for creed to die
dwight:  well theres a lot of seats in the annex
michael:  so you wouldnt mind permanently relocating, so that packer can take this desk here.
todd:  thanks man, itd mean a lot
dwight:  i have been sitting here for ten years, michael
todd:  well i was there for twelve years. plus my names carved under the desk
dwight:  no it is not
todd:  is too
michael:   lets look at this
todd:  check it out!
dwight:  i dont wanna move desks
michael:  dont be a baby! okay! there it is. packer was here and so was your mom! [todd starts humping dwight and michael who are still under the desk
jim:  do i have any say in this?
michael:  no
todd:   dont even watch, halpert!
dwight:   hey, whos dirt box is this
holly:  oh, thats our zen garden
dwight:  what do you grow in here, bullcrap?
pam:   hey, um
holly:  hey, whats up guys
meredith:  dont whats up us! you think youre so cute, with your pretty blonde hair
jim:  whoa, pull it back. uhm, why did you hire todd packer?
holly:  uhm
pam:  hes seriously awful
holly:  michaels recommendation was glowing! and, honestly, hes been nothing but nice to me
meredith:  thats how he gets you to take off his panties
jim:   why are you nodding
pam:  united front
holly:  okay, look. we cant fire someone because we dont like him
ryan:  right this isnt the u.s. government
kelly:  what are you referencing
ryan:   everything… everything
holly:  do any of you have any concrete complaints about something hes done
jim:  well, i mean he humped michael
holly:  well if thats the case, i guess ive gotta be fired too. 
andy:   hey! hey you guys! the armeth regado video is up, gather around!  check it out! this guys on a full beam reach.  theyre hiking out like mad! lock em up! lock em up! nice job! ughh.  this computers a hunk of jjunk
erin:  hey sailor! come watch it over here!
andy:  where did you get this?
erin:  pam gave it to me
andy:  this is a sick computer! gwen stefani has this computer!  uhhh, pamela! what does a guy have to do to get, ahem, one of them
pam:  you have a computer andy
andy:  yeah, but if you donated my computer to africa, it would become world famous as the slowest computer in africa. so
pam:  ok, but listen. we just dont have the budget for it. okay? reception needed a computer so we got one
andy:  well andys desk needs a computer. and, i mean, its just kinda a coincidence that i work there, but
pam:  yes, but reception is a one person department. if i get you a new computer i have to get one for everyone in sales. for dwight, for stanley, it would be crazy
stanley:  so something good happening to stanley is crazy now
andy:  im not asking for one, i need it
phyllis:  if youre just handing them out, i want one too
andy:  phyllis, no body is handing anything out
pam:  see, this is what im talking about
andy:  what are you gonna play mange on faster
pam:  sorry andy.
todd:  hey whats going on you guys?  yeahh! three muska-queers
kevin:   mean but good
holly:  so, todd, this must be nice for you getting off the road. you get to spend some time with your daughter
todd:  i dont know, i love her and all, but she turned into a bitch. mostly shes great, but some days she acts like her mom.
holly:  well, some girls go through a phase
kevin:  hey, your life is so insane! you should write a book
todd:  since when did you learn how to read
kevin:  i do know how to read though
todd:  yeah. you know how to read… a menu
kevin:   hes right. i mean, i could lose some weight
dwight:  kevin, in sumo culture, youd be considered a promising up and comer.
pam:   what the heck! why do you have erins computer
andy:  its crazy, right? erin just wanted me to have it, so we switched
pam:  what? erin is that true
erin:   i just thought, he really needed a new computer, and he knew so much about that one
pam:  erin, its not up to you. this computer was for reception! okay? its not yours to give away
andy:  pam, when im freaking out, i just sorta step back and
pam:  im not freaking out, andy
andy:  -take a few breaths, and then i ask myself: is this worth freaking out about
pam:  andy, why should she have your crappy computer
andy:  thats interesting. so you also think my computer is crappy
pam:  switch the computers back andy
andy:  seriously
pam:  seriously
andy:  pam! come on
pam:  now please
andy:  fine!  please make sure no one is humping me
erin:   oh! if youre going back to the annex, could you take these to dwight? i think the ants are waking up. they need to start farming soon.  thanks
michael:  best day ever. best day ever
holly:  so much happening.
michael:  question, should i get stripes shaved on the side of my head
holly:  no! no
michael:  please
holly:  did todd tell you to do that
michael:  yeah, you love him right?  you love him. i can tell
holly:  i love you
michael:  no. not me, him
holly:  thats certainly opinionated
erin:   if youre not gonna take the ants over i should probably just do it myself
holly:  oh im going
michael:  whoa! look, are you jealous of him? because you think hes funnier than you? oh honey
holly:  i dont think hes funnier than me
michael:  hes funnier than me
holly:  no, hes not funny at all
michael:  so im less funny than not funny at all
erin:   gee! uh oh! i think the ants are starting to eat each other
holly:  no, what im saying is, hes not funny, but youre funnier than he is
michael:   uhm
holly:  ok: bill cosby , steve martin, charlie bit my finger, michael scott, then all the way down here  todd packer
michael:  thats insane
holly:  honey, hes a jerk
erin:   for petes sake it just needs to be done! 
todd:   so you two are married to each other now, right
jim:  yeah
todd:  thats sweet. hows the sex
jim: 
dwight:   hey packer, i made you some hot chocolate
todd:  why
dwight:  ‘cause i wanna let bygones be bygones. show you im cool. youre the new guy. its cold out. i made too much. i got this awesome hot chocolate recipe from my wife
jim:  thats a lot of reasons!
dwight:  drink it
todd:  i think ill pass. the only hot chocolate im into is viva a fox.
jim:   can i talk to you a second?
jim:  so, this hot chocolate thing
dwight:  none of your business
jim:  well, you know you cant actually poison him.
dwight:  it wasnt poison jim, it was a laxative. people take laxatives all the time. this is just, a lot more of a laxative. let me handle this
jim:  i really think we should join forces on this one
dwight:  really
jim:  what do we think, what would drive him crazy
dwight:  i know
jim:  here we go
dwight:  pepto-bismol, in his hot chocolate
jim:  youve gotta stop with the hot chocolate stuff. i was thinking we can jam his drawers, so they only comes out two inches, then he can see everything in them but he cant get to them
dwight:   ooh does edgar allan poe know about that one? so sinister! that wouldnt annoy a person at all! where do you come up with this stuff
jim:  okay! well this isnt my best, but call froggy101, say that were the tour manager for justin bieber, and were giving away free tickets, we give him a number to call for the tickets, and its his own number
dwight:  who is justice beaver
jim:  he… its a crime fighting beaver
dwight:  why dont you write up your best forty ideas and e-mail them to me. can you do that
jim:  absolutely, ill e-mail you a hundred
dwight:  yeah, write up your list of one hundred, edit it down to your top forty, then e-mail it to me, and ill read it over.
andy:  pam. can i talk to you in private
pam:  i dont know if theres really a private place in this office
andy:  well they put a sign-up sheet on the conference room and i signed us up for three mods. a mod is five minutes. and it started two minutes ago
pam:   you did that
andy:  can we talk about this in the meeting? because were a little late
pam:  okay.  when did people sign
andy:  mind if i close the door?  what you did out there, earlier, was totally un-cool
pam:  well what was i supposed to do, let you walk all over me
andy:  you humiliated me in front of every body
pam:  okay, well i didnt think about it like that. its just, i cant do anything about it. i cant replace that one unless that computer breaks
andy:  i mean, its pretty broken already
pam:  yeah, well if it breaks all the way i can get you a new one
andy:   pretty sneaky sis.
ryan:   hey cats, we got a jazz session in mod six, nine, and twelve. 
dwight:   there are over four hundred of these!
jim:  yeah i couldnt cut it down
dwight:  theyre all good. so good! number three: eat a frog. that sounds promising. number four: eat a dog. i dont know, um, from practical stand point
jim:  one thirty-five. did you like one thirty-five
dwight:  eat a brog. maybe its because i didnt understand it. i just had a couple of notes, let me grab a pen.  damn it. gah! just when we were getting going.
andy:   allow all cookies? why certainly! pop-ups? yes please! bit torrent streaming from a somalian music website? yeah! why not?  oh i hope you dont get sick mr. computer.  why are you doing this to me andy?  because i hate your programs!
todd:   and a 76 thats good to boot, i like that.
michael:  and you made hank smile, that doesnt happen often. youre very charming. that is something you should take upstairs, and use on people that really matter.
todd:  why
michael:  i dont know, holly mentioned that there were some complaints. and that you had said some things about kevin
todd:  holly said that
michael:  yeah
holy:  she was laughing hysterically that whole time
michael:  i guess you said something weird about your daughter
todd:  she asked me, michael! it wouldve been rude not to answer
michael:  youve been on the road a long time. and youve been an outdoor cat. and now you have to be an indoor cat, so you cant be peeing all over the walls
todd:  michael, can i open the kamomo with you. ive been on the road too long. but, i wanna connect with my daughter. and its not right to call her a bitch in front of strangers
michael:  no it isnt
todd:  youre right. i gotta watch my behavior
michael:  yeah, a little bit
todd: dont give up on me
michael:  i wont.
michael:   okay, every body. i need you to see this. because maybe there is somebody here that you all underestimated, who will surprise you. todd packer, is going to apologize. kevin! front and center, come here
kevin:  i got a lot of numbers here to put together
michael:  kevin, we know that you are just trying to save face, we know that you are hurt and embarrassed
kevin:  thats silly. if anything, i should be apologizing to packer. because we all know i can dish it, as good as i can take it
michael:  okay, sweetie, no. you shouldnt be apologizing to packer. that doesnt make any sense. you ready for this? you ready for this? gentlemen, start your engines
todd:  im sorry if you were offended by my comments earlier
kevin:  well, like i said, i wasnt offended, but ill stand here for the big show
michael:  kevin, do you accept the apology
kelly:  dont do it kevin, thats the fake kind of apology
michael:  okay, go back to the annex
kelly:  this is textbook. its so uncool. ryan does this to me all the time. like its some offense to have feelings. dont do it kevin
ryan:   sometimes you over react
oscar:  michael hows this supposed to work? packers gonna keep saying terrible things, and then hes just gonna make half-assed apologies. and were back to square one
todd:  okay. you want an apology? here it goes. kevin, i am so sorry. you are skinny, and you are a genius
michael:  that-that was maybe too much. packer is a survivor of divorce stanley. packer doesnt speak with his child, meredith. packer never lived up to his parents expectations, andy.  angela loves pussy cats, and packer loves
angela:   no! dont
michael:  i was going to say dogs! okay, you know what, this is over! apology has been issued! and were through with it. packer will be here until the day he dies, just like the rest of us!
pam:   so listen, we have to really scuff this up.
andy:  no no no no no! we can say that the previous owner was a neat-freak. or an elegant old lady and she just kept it around in case her grand-kids came to visit, but they died and they never came, i think im gonna make myself cry
pam:  andy, this is the deal we made
andy:   thats probably good. thats enough
pam:  we should break this hinge maybe
andy:  lets not go crazy.
todd:  well thanks, will do
jim:   absolutely, now when you get down there, jos a little bit, uh, forgetful. so she may have locked the gate, but what youre gonna do is go ahead, hop it, and just head back to the pool.
todd:  that sounds weird
jim:  it is weird! look at you, perceptive. now i know why jos kept her eye on you
dwight:   and you make sure to get down there and check out that harry potter world
jim:   whatever you wanna do in your spare time is up to you
dwight:  harry potter world is supposed to be faaantastic!
todd:  apparently, as soon as corporate found out i wanted to come in off the road, jo offered me a cushy new job in tallahassee. and heres the best part. im a huge alligator nerd. i can name you every genus, every sub species. also im a huge boob nerd.
dwight:  check it out and have a free butterbeer on us. keep the receipt and well get ya back
michael:  what are you doing
jim:   all right, so just pack your bags and, uh, be sure to bring those swimming trunks! bye now!
michael:  i cannot believe this, youre sending packer to florida? why
jim:  hes a jerk
dwight:  he took my desk
michael:  okay, so youre tricking him into flying to florida
dwight:  it wasnt my first choice, jim had so many better ideas
michael:  you have to tell him. you have to tell him what you did
dwight:  no, no, no. that is not part of the plan. that is actually anti-what were doing
michael:  he is my oldest friend, i am going to tell him
jim:  wait! why dont we come up with a plan were all happy about? 
andy:   pam, how is this thing even any better than my old computer
pam:  come on andy! i mean you said you wanted a new computer and this is the best i could do
andy:  whered you even find this thing, like, in the corner in the warehouse
pam:  yes, i found it in a shelf in the corner of the warehouse.
andy:  all right, well thank you for my garbage computer. 
todd:   youre looking at the new face of corporate. gonna put the “ass”, in tallahassee!
michael:  yes, about that
todd:  well we gotta go out and celebrate, tonight
michael:  well… i dont know if thats a good idea
todd:  do you have a ball and chain
michael:  no, nothing like that at all.
todd:  listen, im gonna tell you something that none of these people have the stones to tell you. its your girlfriend, man. shes uptight
michael:  sorry
todd:  i know this stuff can hurt, but i wish someone had said something to me about my ex-wife. all im saying is about a month or so, meet me down in florida, ill introduce you to all the local  talent
michael:   sounds great
todd:  its gonna be so good
michael:  that is.  its gonna be awesome. i think youre really going to enjoy it down there.
holly:  im sorry about your friend
michael:  nah, hes an ass
holly:   you ahh
michael:   you ahh
holly:  what ah you wicked smaht
michael:  no you ahh
holly:  who ahh
michael:   you ahh.
daryl:  so this new computer you found in the warehouse
pam:  yep. lucked out
daryl:  yeah, you really did. ‘cause i know every inch of that warehouse.
pam:  yep, super lucky
daryl:  maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days
pam:   yeah. you know what , i think i saw one sick day down there
daryl:  really? ‘cause i think maybe i saw five
pam:  three. 
pam:  im full on corrupt!
