dwight: 
jim:  why
dwight:  twenty minutes a day jim, thats all it takes. twenty minutes a day, all feet, no hands and ill have the pedi-dexterity of a chimp, and youll be sitting there like an idiot.  okay. here we go. ah, yes.
pam:  do you mind
dwight:  im sorry pam, allow me to write you an apology letter
pam:  you dont have to do that
dwight:   d-e-a. oop, backspace. a. dear
jim:   ahh, thank you hands. nothing else in the universe can do what you do
dwight: 
jim:  oh, dont worry about it. dwight, its okay. you were wrong
dwight:   uhh, aah
jim:  well, a for effort right
dwight:  
hank:  welcome, start your morning right with a burst of blueberry. or try plain
andy:  whats the occasion
hank:  dwight said this entry was a waste of space
andy:  i would like a muffa du blueberry por favor
hank:  eight dollars
andy:  eight dollars?
dwight:  owning a building is a war between the landlord and the tenant. not a literal war, unfortunately, but i am using the same tactics. ive surrounded the enemy, and im slowly starving them. to save on electricity ive installed a timer and motion sensors on the lights. its part of my green initiative. and by green, i mean money.
michael:   mmhmm, china. china
erin:  how was the dentist
michael:  it was great. china
pam:  are you okay, whats wrong
michael:  everything here was made in china, pam
andy:  yeah, its where they make stuff
michael:  they used to make stuff in america, andy. but were falling behind, did you know that? china is a sleeping dragon that is just beginning to stir
erin:  oh, no
michael:  yeah, right here. it is right there.  anybody read the news any more
dwight:  china is on the move
michael:  i found that in the waiting room at the dentists office. this kid had the magazine i wanted to read, thats the only one i could reach and i read it and then i read it again.
michael:  my whole life i believed that america was number one, that was the saying. not america is number two. england is number two. china should be like eight.
darryl:  hey andy
andy:  hey darryl
darryl:  you gotta stop texting me so much
andy:  but i wanted you to know that michael and i are wearing the same tie today. its insane
darryl:  you need to change your standard for whats worthy of a text. ask yourself is this something darryl needs to know. the answers almost always no
andy:  got it. then i will call you
darryl:  no.
darryl:  there was a time when the only people who texted you were people you wanted to text you. girls. and theyd all say the same thing. “im coming over baby.” and i would text back “btb”, bring that booty.
stanley:  dwight, why is the toilet paper only half a ply
dwight:  im sorry, isnt that good enough for your anus? dont get me started on how coddled the modern anus is
pam:  umm, stanley. maybe you could just unspool a little more each time you need to
stanley:  dont tell me how to do my business
dwight:  stanley, as a fellow dunder mifflin employee i feel for you. but, like you, i am completely powerless to the whims of the new building owner
jim:  which is you
dwight:  “which is you” is not a sentence
jim:  i disagree with
stanley:  are you just gonna sit there, office administrator, or are you going to do something
pam:  dwight, can we talk about these cutbacks
dwight:  pam, when im sitting at this desk, im a salesman. if you wanna talk to the new building owner, you should call nate and schedule and appointment
pam:  im not going to do that
dwight:  well then youre not going to talk to the new building owner. which is a shame, because i hear hes a very reasonable guy
nate:   yello
pam:  hi nate, its pam halpert
nate:  oh, hey pam
pam:  hey, i would just love to schedule a meeting today with dwight
nate:  let me put you on hold for just one ‘eensy sec.
pam:  sure
dwight:   dwight schrute. mhm. tell her im busy. i dont know, make something up
nate:  hey pam, dwights being questioned by the police in connection with a string of dog-nappings that ha
pam:   dwight. dwight. can you please tell new building owner that he is screwing over all the people he works with, people hes worked with for years. his friends
dwight:  you know what pam? youre right. this isnt just a business. this is a home, and i would much rather see a smile from kevin than save hundreds on plumbing and electricity. 
erin:  oh my god
michael:  what
erin:  according to the internet, the tallest man in the world is chinese
michael:  so much for keeping our secrets up high
erin:  whats america gonna do
michael:  i know what were going to do. were going to put our best minds on it.
michael:  everybody stop working. i want you all to imagine a world in which america is not the number one superpower, where forks are irrelevant, and where every man, woman and child is expected to learn how to play the cello. now open your eyes
angela:  you never told us to close them
michael:  welcome to your future
phyllis:  what do we do? how do we stop this
michael:  how do we stop it? with a big idea. thats what america is built on, big ideas. blue jeans, the grand canyon. whose got one, whose got a big idea
pam:  an idea bigger than the grand canyon
michael:  yes, indeed. yes kevin
kevin:  an antacid that you only take once a week
michael:  once a week antacid is the idea to beat. anyone else? nobody? okay then we are… yes
kevin:  michael! an antacid pill that you take once every six weeks
stanley:  why not just go one for the year
michael:  i dont know
kevin:  its too big of a pill to swallow
michael:  alright
erin:  what if we all get together and help each other and hire a new guy, and then we all kill him, but first we take out like a hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy. i bet you guys like that idea dont you?
erin:  i think thats what theyre doing to me. i cant prove it, but i wanted to see their faces when i said it. i learned nothing.
michael:  i dont know what the  that was
dwight:  i say we bomb em. by 2020, theyre gonna be the worlds largest economy and theyre getting a taste for protein. well all starve
phyllis:  yeah, dwights right we should drop a bomb
michael:  no hes not right. were not. where would we even drop it, phyllis? did you know that in china there are fifty six cities with over a million people? you know how many we have here? nine
erin: 
oscar:  actually, thats not true. i know the figure youre referring to, and its a projection of fifteen years from now
kevin:  thank god
michael:  no, no. that is right now.
oscar:  michael, chinas agrarian. urbanizing fast? you bet ‘cha, but still agrarian
michael:  in terms of land, not population
oscar:  come on michael. you can
michael:  no, no youre wrong about this
oscar:  where are you getting this information
michael:  i got it from newyorktimes.co
kevin:  uh oh, getting nervous oscar
jim:  okay, someone look it up
ryan:  im on it jim. im on it
oscar:  guys its not worth it really. guys this is not worth our time
darryl:   “are you watching this?” seriously
andy:  well are you
darryl:  im sitting right here
ryan:  got it. china has fifty six cities with a population of over one million. the us has… nine
meredith:  suck it oscar
jim:  well on the plus side all this worrying about china has made you smarter than oscar, michael
oscar:  great. i was wrong. im wrong. is everyone happy?
michael:  so i happen to know more than the smartest guy in the office. so what?  i dont care.
michael:  okay, now where were we before i bested oscar?
meredith:  wow, so this building can get uglier
stanley:  i will not work in a roach billboard
gabe:  oh my god, i cant look at roaches
angela:  michael do something about this
michael:  absolutely, pam this is exactly why i hired you as office administrator, handle it. taking care of business
pam:  dwight take it down
dwight: 
pam:  im serious, take it down or else
dwight:  or else? or else what? theres nothing you can do
pam:  we can move out.
angela:   really? 
pam:  so, does anyone wanna know where ive been for the last 2 hours
jim:  oh god, ive been playing zombie soccer for two hours
pam:  i went out to look for a better office space
dwight:  waste of time
pam:  not really, because i found one
jim:  oh wow, these are nice
pam:  yup
dwight:  let me see
pam:  look at the huge offices jim, check out that conference room
jim:  yeah, yeah. totally
dwight:  you cant just move out
pam:  oh in three months we can. check the lease, and if you dont undo all the changes youve made, were moving. hey guys, can i show you some pictures
andy:   oh my gosh she is so cute. she looks like both of you
pam:  theyre not of cece
andy:  oh, cool
pam:  this is possibly our new dunder mifflin office
phyllis:  well i like being in the same building as bob. keeps me honest
pam:  well, this building isnt far, and its much newer. theres a dry cleaner, nail place and a gym. oh, and its next-door to and outback so it always smells like steak
stanley:  are you trying to kill me
kelly:  is the nail place koreans or whites
pam:  koreans
kelly:  good. and the dry cleaners
pam:  white
kelly:  good.
jim:  woah, there is a lot of brainpower in this room. weve got michael and oscar, the two smartest guys in the office, also in that order
oscar:  funny jim. that is funny
michael:  very comedically humorous jim
kelly:  i have a computer question. hey oscar
oscar:  what is it
kelly:  can you move aside so that i can ask michael
oscar:  alright. alright i get it
kelly:  michael, how do i create a new tab
michael:  try ‘control p
oscar:  thats print
michael:  not if the printer isnt hooked up. you are making some very dangerous assumptions oscar
kelly:  oscar it must be killing you to know that michael is smarter than you
oscar:  hes… hes not smarter than me, he was just right about one thing
kelly:  yeah, but it was a really smart thing to be right about, actually
ryan:  actually, it was.
jim:  around here, oscar is known as ‘actually because he will insert himself into just about any conversation to add facts, or correct grammar. he really does fit that old stereotype of the smug gay mexican.
darryl:   megan fox. question mark. whats that mean
andy:  megan fox! come on
darryl:  you know what, youre one bad text away from getting blocked
andy:  yes, but one good text away from a high five
darryl:  you accept these terms
andy:  oh, its on.
dwight:  in your perfect would, what would make this building awesome? im putting together kind of a wish list
kevin:  well, i wish for a million wishes
dwight:  yeah, no. im not a genie. im just talking about a
kevin:  then see you later building
dwight:  you cant possibly be serious
kevin:  i said see you later building
oscar:  hey michael
michael:  hey
oscar:  i was thinking about some of the stuff you said earlier about china
michael:  mmm
oscar:  id love to talk more about it
michael:  yeah
oscar:  maybe over some coffee later
michael:  sure
jim:  woah, woah, woah. do you know what you just agreed to
michael:  coffee jim
jim:  no
andy:  it is not just coffee
jim:  hes trying to set you up michael. whats going to happen is hes going to try and bring up what ever youre talking about in a very casual way, but secretly hell be trying to trip you up, and when he does, boom, its awful. havent you noticed that i dont bring up the tour de france around him
michael:  yes
andy:  and then he will smugly pay the cheque and make you feel so small
michael:  alright, well i just need to learn everything about china. to be safe i should learn everything about everything but i dont have time. okay, okay, ill just learn about china and science and geography and math and literary
jim:  no politics
michael:  im pretty good on politics. “california is bankrupt, and california, california.”  what?
dwight:  parley, my office, five minutes
pam:  parley
creed:  pirate code, he wants to meet
pam:  so everyone here knows pirate code
creed:  i understand it, i cant speak it.
dwight:  pam, i am not an unreasonable man. if you guys stay, i will stop watering down the soap
pam:  youve been watering down the soap
dwight:  why do you even need soap? are you that bad at going to the bathroom
pam:  we need everything back the way it was
dwight:  you dont wanna move. moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in life. youll probably just take it out on your kid. jim will turn to the drink. the family will fall apart, and twenty five years from now, cece will become world famous…for stripping
pam:  thats a sad story. i have another one. we move, the other tenants follow, the bank takes the building, takes your farm, takes your car and beats the crap out of you. penniless, you die, and my daughter cece dances on your grave… fully clothed. 
ryan:  where is tibet
michael:  pass
ryan:  when was china founded
michael:  pass
jim:  two for two, keep it up
ryan:  who is mao
michael:  lifeline
andy:  damn it. michael, you are moments away from the smack down of your life. if you dont know something, steer the conversation back to something you do know
michael:  i could talk about boobs. i bet he knows nothing about boobs
jim:  what do you know about boobs?
andy:  michael, i have to tell you something its from rocky ii
jim:  thank you
andy:  this guy doesnt just wanna win. yknow, he wants to bury you. he wants to humiliate you
michael:  wait, wait, wait. how long is this going to take
andy:  im like a quarter of the way through
michael:  is it going to be worth it
andy:  no
ryan:  just in case michael, i made you a cheat sheet
michael:  i dont need to cheat
jim:  show him how to use it.
nate:   ten thousand seven hundred and six
dwight:  here it is, right here, pull over. oh my god. no way. man, look at that
nate:  yeah
dwight:  theres no building. this could only mean one thing
nate:  the buildings underground
dwight:  she was lying. oh, pam, pam
passer-by:  yeah
nate:  pam. pam
dwight:  what
passer-by:  im pam
dwight:  oh
nate:  no youre not
dwight:  im sorry. we have a colleague with the same name
passer-by:  oh, thats fine
dwight:  so, okay. youre not a liar too are you
passer-by:  ive been known to bend the truth
dwight:  damn it, pam. get out. right now. leave it, i mean it. get the hell out of here. go
passer-by:  okay
dwight:  i cant wait to do to pam, what i just did… to pam.
dwight:  hey pam
pam :  yeah
dwight:  yknow what, im the only one here who you havent asked about the new office
pam:  i know, because youre the reason were moving
dwight:  yeah, but im still an employee here, and that part of me is really excited about the change of scenery. whats the square footage in the new place
pam:  uhh, i think its something like umm
dwight:  whats the exact square footage
pam:  umm, let me see
dwight:  how many offices are there? oh ill just look at the one sheet myself
pam:  oh, actually i dont know what i did with the one sheet. yknow, thats the problem. you only have one sheet
dwight:   youre a funny guy pam. whats the first thing you guys are gonna do when you move in to the new office? im going to walk down the hall and say “wow, i cant believe this is real, but it is.” i cant wait
pam:  mmhmm.
pam:  i lied about some aspects of the building
jim:  its still on a bike path though right
pam:  theres no building… it doesnt exist
jim:  what does that mean
pam:  i needed leverage so i pulled those pictures off the internet. its just this office administrator thing, i dont wanna
jim:  what
pam:  fail. i dont want to fail… again
jim:  but you didnt fail
pam:  and thats what you said about art school, and thats what you said about sales
jim:  and you didnt fail those things either
pam:  well, im not an artist, and im not a salesman. so what would you call it
jim:  hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
oscar:  michael, the reason i asked you down here for this chat is that ive been thinking that your fears about china are a bit exaggerated
michael:  did you know, that china has a new missile, that can sink a us naval carrier nine hundred miles off the coast
oscar:  we have missiles too
michael:  did you also know that china has secretly been expanding its nuclear arsenal. but what do i know, i mean, thats just according to the pentagon. our pentagon.
nate:  i wasnt here.
pam:  what
nate:  i wasnt here. its a pretty common saying. you may want to log it away for future use
pam:  well thanks
nate:  yeah.
michael:  china has been loaning us billions upon billions of dollars. we are going to be owing them for the rest of our lives. and they will control us
oscar:  actually, were in a mild recession right now. ill give you that, but people use china as the boogie man for all their problems. in the nineteen eighties, it was japan
michael:  how then do you explain that in the past year manufacturing in china has risen by 17% and in the us it has only risen by 8%
oscar:  do you really think that manufacturing is a relevant indicator of where the world economys heading in 2011? do you know the comparative expansion of say the information sector? id say thats far more relevant. wouldnt you
michael:  dont… i…
pam:  hello, hello. youre breaking the law
dwight:  impossible, i love the law
pam:  read article nineteen. there are suitable standards that you have to maintain the building at that includes comfortable temperatures and adequate lighting. it also means no more cutting the tampons in two, and no more tampering with the toilet paper.
dwight:  i see ive underestimated you, and i didnt think that was possible. nate, reply the paper
nate:  i dont think it goes that way
dwight:  reply it!
oscar:  dont worry about the coffee, its on me
michael:  yeah, i figured that
oscar:  michael, i am so happy that we were able to have this little chat
michael:  wait. you forgetting something
oscar:  what
michael:  this chat. two men, one white, one latina. a boss and a money cruncher. i could fire you
erin:  fire him. no, show mercy
michael:  here we are
oscar:  whats your point
michael:  my point is… that as long as people like you and me dont stop talking, nobody can stop the usa
andy:  yeah.
erin:  right, yes
michael:  i am talking about freedom, about choice. america, i dont think you need to worry. because if you want to beat china you will. if you dont, thats fine. that my friend, is your victory. yknow, a lot of people say if you dig long enough and hard enough you will get to china, and that may be the true, but what they dont tell you is that if you dig long enough and hard enough in a conversation, you get to a friend. so here is to conversation
oscar:  thats not
michael:  raise your cups on high. case closed.
oscar:  that wasnt what we were discu… that wasnt the whole…
dwight:  they say the best vampires dont bleed their victims dry, but give them the strength so that they can bounce back only to be fed on again. i spared pam, and i may feast off of her profits for years to come. i let pam win. haha, oh. i was not motivated by compassion. i have no compassion. make sure you got that. not motivated by compassion.
darryl:   come to parking lot. crazy pigeon action?
andy:  shhh. youre gonna scare em away.
darryl:   thats a text.
andy:  yeah. right
darryl:  thats your new standard.
