pam:  hey oscar, big will and grace fan huh
oscar:  no. everybody assumes i am. i always get them as gifts
pam:  oh.
pam:  dunder mifflin is having our first own garage sale. like many americans, we realized we had a lot of things that we really didnt need. and 10 cents of every dollar is going into the party fund so we can throw parties for ourselves.
dwight:  people! look alive. its showtime. doors open in 321
jim:  oh, yikes
pam:  its cold dwight. just shut the door and let people come in the front
dwight:  its good that its cold it will drive business inside
pam:  the signs will drive people inside
dwight:  the warmth will lure people inside
andy:  close it
dwight:  this is how business
andy:  close it
dwight:  im not closing the door
andy: close it.
dwight:  stop it
andy:  just close it.
dwight:  uh oh, looks like someones sign is a little crooked. uh, looks awful. need a thumb tack
meredith:  sure
dwight:  not so fast.
dwight:  schrutes are farmers by hobby, and traders by trade. through the art of the swap, i will walk out of this garage sale with the finest item here.
dwight:  i will trade you for the used candle
meredith:  forget you
dwight:  come on, its trash, like your sign, unless you have this
meredith:  fine, just give it
dwight:  thats how its done.
kevin:  woah, i love her. how much for that
michael:  i uh i actually dont know why i brought that because its kind of priceless
holly:  10 dollars
michael:  mhmm, no i paid 500 dollars for that
kevin:  200
michael:  500
holly:  20
kevin:  45
michael:  get lost
kevin:  damn it
michael:  that is how you do it
holly:  you know we dont have to sell that if you dont want to. if its a problem with the neon i can have my neon guy take a look
michael:  you know its really more for a bachelor pad. i just want to get a fair price
holly:  well we could put it in storage in case
michael:  in case in case of what
holly:  you know in case if something changes
michael:  i dont have an in case. do you have an in case
holly:  nope
lady:  how much for the slip and slide
michael:  get lost.
michael:   yes, hello mr. flax this is michael scott, your daughters boss. i am calling because i am going to have to fire your daughter holly because she is such a terrible employee. im just kidding. im kidding. im actually calling because im in love with her. i love your daughter, and i have for some time. and i would like to discuss my intentions with you which are to ask her to marry me. and i was just hoping you would give me your approval. and this isnt a joke. so call me back, when you get this. and i look forward to speaking. thank you.
kelly:  are you serious? a half used candle? get out of here dwight. youre blocking my table with your giant body
dwight:  oh, cause theres a huge line of people waiting in line who want your spinster chotskies
kelly:  screw you man. people like my stuff
dwight:  people like ryan? let me tell you about men like him. he comes over and youre like hey baby let me light a candle then you pull out this one half used and hes like uh! who else is she seeing? i better lock her down fast
kelly:  you can take my helen fielding collection
dwight:  and the jennifer weiner collection.
andy:  oh my gosh, you have the dallas board game
kevin:  yea when i was a kid i was on dallas
andy:  really
kevin:  yea. when i was kid we missed our connecting flight and we spent the entire day on dallas. then we spent a week on hawaii i was in heaven
darryl:  we should play it
andy:  well theres no instructions
darryl:  its dallas the game, we can figure it out
kevin:  yea
andy:  im pretty good at board games
darryl:  well, shall we make it a little interesting
andy:  sure.
dwight:  what is this
jim:  how did those get out? im sorry
dwight:  professor copperfields miracle legumes
jim:  i was in jamaica, and i got lost, and it was getting dark this one night and then out of nowhere with a cart and hes selling these. dwight hes telling me things about myself that theres no way he could have known
dwight:  thats a common swindlers trick
jim:  probably, probably. so i buy some, i turn the corner, i feel like an idiot, so i go back to get my money, he was gone
dwight:  so you wanna sell me magic beans.
jim:  correction. i do not want to sell you professor copperfields miracle legumes
dwight:  nice try. no. correction. terrible try.
holly:  michael called dad
hollys mom:  your friend michael, yes. whats going on
holly:  um, i think i know. but ill sound stupid if im wrong but is dad there
hollys dad:  holly
holly:  hi dad
hollys dad:  there was a program on tv about india
holly:  um, ok. did you connect with michael
hollys dad:  wanna watch it
holly:  i im not there dad, im in pennsylvania
hollys dad:  what are you doing there
holly:  i live here. um, can i talk to you about michael
hollys dad:  ill, ill put your mother on
holly:  no. no no dad
hollys mom:  holly
holly:  mom, dad cant seem to focus on a subject
hollys mom:  dont you worry about him, hes got me
holly:  well who do you have
hollys mom:  i have your father. hes right here ill put him on
holly:  no. mom?
pam:  oh, which one is decaf
pam:   michael! michael
michael:  hi
pam:  hi..i was just coming out to see what you were doing and to maybe stop you
michael:  oh, you know what, you have a siphon? i think im gonna run out of gas
pam:  why do you need more gas
michael:  well, im writing a message
pam:  is it a good message or a bad message
michael:  im asking holly a question in fire
pam:  are you proposing!
michael:  maybe
pam:  wow
michael:  hey you know what? ive got gas all over my hands and my shoes. would you light it? would you do the honors please
pam:  yea. yea no problem.
michael:  pam
pam:  yep
micahel:  could you light this please
pam:  michael, youve had two ideas today. and one of them was great. and the other one was terrible.
michael:  i am not in the mood for riddles pam
pam:  this is terrible
michael:  no, this is romantic
pam:  you know what? im gonna get a hose. then well talk about it. ok well figure it out. be right back. just stay there.
ryan:  free sample?
ryan:  my mom makes the best pesto in the world. and i always tell her mom you should sell this, youd make a fortune and she always says no its just for family. well finally i was like f*** it, ill sell it so im like mom, i need you to make a ton of pesto for a pesto party for all my friends and shes like uh, ok  pesto party? really? anyway she makes like a hundred bottles worth. its so good. and phyllis just had that mom look i wanted.
dwight:  you got this kosher certified
ryan:  no i meant like uh, its cool, its kosher, its all good
dwight:  ryan, you have such an interesting mind. so creative. all these new business ideas and artistic projects.
ryan:  thank you. whatcha got there
dwight:  oh, its just stanleys old photo album. im thinking about throwing it in the garbage. i mean, why would i want some random black mans old photo album on my bookshelf. im not james franco.
dwight:  things are going very well. i traded a thumb tack for merediths junk for kellys crap for phyllis garbage for oscars trash for stanleys garbage for ryans junk for creeds garbage for a very cute squid that erin happened to have.
dwight:  jim, put those away
jim:   im really sorry. pam must have put those out
dwight:  just out of curiosity, what were the claims for those beans
jim:  theyre legumes dwight, and youre just gonna make fun of me, so why would i you know what, this ends now. 
pam:  hey michael everyones in the conference room
michael:  why
pam:  you called the meeting i dont.
michael:  i did?
michael:  ok. thank you all for coming. i would like to talk to you all today about recycling
pam:  michael.
michael:  yes
pam:  we are a family
michael:  i could not have agreed with you more
pam:  and ive always believed that we should all be involved in everyones personal lives, in a very major way
michael:  yes. thank you
pam:  so about this proposal thing
michael:  no, no, no, no. my minds made up i am not going to change my mind you cant talk me out of it
pam:  michael, shes perfect for you
oscar:  shes the one
jim:  shes amazing. this is very exciting
pam:  so we just we wanna help you plan the proposal so that its safe and responsible and realistic and doable
michael:  i had a great idea until you ruined it
oscar:  wanna know how to do it? heres how you do it. take her out to dinner. go down on one knee. if you are in costume, you did something wrong. if at any point you find yourself tying a ring to a dogs collar, stop, and look at yourself.
andy:   hmm, im gonna play me a little ol black mail card 
kevin:  nice
andy:  and call a proxy meeting to take control of you and oil once and for all
kevin:  no you cant do that. you cant play a black mail card and call a proxy meeting in the same turn
andy:  why not. seems to me were just making up rules cause somebody forgot to staple the rules to the inside of the game like a normal human being
darryl:  and im gonna play this here share the wealth card
andy:  oooh
darryl:  which entitles me to half of both of yalls money so if you dont mind
kevin:  no this card is from the wrong game this is from the game of life
darryl:  it was in the box
andy:  well played
darryl:  thank you
andy:  we must honorably adhere to the rules we are making up on the spot
kevin:  no but thats not fair
andy:  well thats dallas
darryl:  dallas indeed.
oscar:  what ryan, where did you get this picture? 
ryan:  my mom also makes the best salsa.
holly:  this is your moms old stuff
phyllis:  yeah mostly
holly:  hows she doing
phyllis:  it didnt go down so easy but shes made some friends and its already better than it was
holly:  how do you know when its time
phyllis:  uh i dont know if you ever know. and if you wait for the day when your parent to comes to you and says i cant take care of myself anymore its never gonna happen. i have a box of bras under the table if youre interested
holly:  let me see.
pam:  ok i think animals and proposals are out. right ryan didnt you read in one of your blogs that animals are out
ryan:  blogs are out but people are texting each other no more animal
michael:  how about this i throw a corpse dressed like me off of the roof, it hits the ground, the head pops off, this leads me to the line  i lost my head when i fell in love with you
jim:  thats a guarantee
michael:  its easy enough to get a corpse, you just go to a med school. i already have the ring
jim:  dont think you need the corpse then
michael:  heres the ring
pam:  holy s*** is that real
michael:  yeah. i saved 3 years salary
oscar:  no.
michael:  is she not going to like that
pam:  no shes going to love it so i think you can keep the proposal simple. you know like when jim proposed. he just he got down on one knee and he told me that he loved me and he asked me to marry him and it was perfect
oscar:  where was that
jim:  at a gas station.
michael:  at a gas station?
jim:  oh it was when she was working in new york so it was halfway between both of us
michael:  that mush have been a surprise when at the gas station you proposed
pam:  no it was really it was really sweet. it was raining and.
michael:  oh yea you didnt say that the weather was bad that sounds perfect. i want this to be an event that everyone talks about always and forever
jim:  totally reasonable.
michael:  i just its terrifying
pam:  shes not gonna say no
michael:  i know but im still scared i dont know why
jim:  cause its a big deal. i mean.. i knew pam was gonna say yes but i was still scared
pam:  you were scared
jim:  yeah it.s scary.
michael:  get this kevin thought i was gonna sell my bowflex for 200 dollars and i told him dude this was a prop in my movie
holly:  look i need to talk to you
michael:  ok its because we havent sold anything. you know what? we just wait until the end of the day, people get desperate, and theyre gonna pay anything
holly:  i think i need to go home to colorado. my dad isnt doing so well
michael:  oh ok. for how long
holly:  i dont know
michael:  is he alright
holly:  yeah
michael:  you ok
holly:  yeah, yeah its just you know i dont want to go home when hes on his death bed you know, i wanna be there when hes still my dad
michael:  yeah, yeah well you definitely need to do that
holly:  and i want you to come with me. now i know thats a lot to ask of a boyfriend.
michael:  ok
holly:  and i was thinking you know maybe since given our last conversation that were both ready michael scott will you.
michael:  no, no, shhhhut it. mhmm. oh god. nope, nope, nope.
holly:  uh, what?
michael:  no. i am not going to be proposed to in the break room. that is not going to be our story. mhm hm. should have burned this place down when i had the chance.
kevin:  hey guys its my turn
andy:  you cant go, youre dead, i shot you 5 moves ago
kevin:  yeah i told you, you cant shoot people
darryl:  i told you were way past rules. we have been for some time now. we start having rules now, everything we built collapses
kevin:  this is stupid and i want my money back. wheres the money
darryl:  yeah where is it
kevin:  ok you know what? i am never ever playing board games with you two again.
kevin:  and that is dallas. 
ryan:  nice
jim:  not bad right.
ryan:  cant really tell the
jim:   nice
dwight:  i know right what the
jim:  oh my god
dwight:  that thats impossible
jim:  it is right. i mean, its impossible
dwight:  all right, ill take them
jim:  theyre probably worthless
dwight:  probably.
jim:  leave the telescope.
dwight:  i started with a thumb tack and traded my way to a telescope. but in a way the most valuable thing here wasnt the telescope at all. no, it was this packet of beans.so i traded the telescope for it. and i can just go buy another telescope.
michael:  hey, howd we do
holly:  13 dollars.
michael:  thats great and we still have most of our stuff. good
holly:  listen about earlier 
michael:  no, no, no, no, lets not talk about that
holly:  it was wrong to put you in that position and michael you are my life now. im not going to colorado
michael:  shhhh. lets go on a little walk. you know what? i wanna show you some stuff.
michael:  so this is one of my favorite places in the world
holly:  why
michael:  this is where toby announced that he was going to costa rica. happiest day of my life. until the day you came to replace him. lets go in here.
michael:  this is where we first kissed
holly:  i remember
michael:  and this is where we first made love. remember what i tried there
holly:  michael.. 
michael:  through these blinds is where i first saw you, and you had all these boxes, and i thought you were the prettiest mover i had ever seen. and i was sitting at this desk when i called you to tell you that i had herpes and that i was still in love with you and you said that it was over, and that you didnt love me. thank goodness none of that was true. including the herpes.
holly:  yes
michael:  in-grown hair.
michael:  right in here this is where we first co-ran our meeting. remember, obesity awareness
holly:  mh hmm
michael:  we saved a lot of lives that day. thats where you first met michael klump
holly:  oh, i say, i say, i say i sit on you
michael:  and right over there is where you found out that meredith was prostituting herself for outback steak. and i will never forget that you had the cutest look on your face because you couldnt believe it, you thought it was so wrong.
michael:  and over here.
holly:  what happened here
michael: well, nothing. nothing really. i would just find an excuse to come here so i could stare at you through that window. this is what id do.
holly:  nic
michael:  lets go in here.
holly:   hi guys
michael:  this is where our love faces its toughest test. after this, its just smooth sailing for the rest of our lives
jim:  holly, will you marry me
holly:  no
stanley:  marry me holly
holly:  no
michael:  that guys got more than he can handle as it is
oscar:  will you marry me
holly:  no
michael:  that marriage would be a sham
gabe:  will you marry me
holly:  no
michael:  easy no
angela:  will you marry me
holly:  no
michael:  that would be hot. i would pay to see that
ryan:  will you marry me holly
holly:  no
michael:  only one that i was kind of worried about
michael:   this is where i fell in love with you. and this is where i ask you to marry me. it started with..  holly flax, marrying me will you be
holly:  your wife becoming me will i.
kevin:  thats awesome
pam:  congratulations
jim:  congratulations
michael:  thank you. so guys, guys, guys. were moving to colorado
kevin:  all of us
michael:  yep
jim:  wait, what
michael:  holly has to go back to colorado. im going with her. im leaving.
