nate:  got it.
pam:  okay lets go in. im freezing
michael:  people, wait, wait, wait. come back, come back. one fun one. were gonna do a fun one
jim:  one charlies angels. one. lets go
pam:  okay, this is just a christmas card from your paper supplier. no ones putting this on their fridge
kevin:  oh, i got it, you guys, how bout this. michael, what if all the boys are on one side, all the girls are on the other. the boys are like, ‘why i oughta, and the girls are like, ‘lets go shopping!
andy:  lets just jump in the air
michael:  thats it! thats a picture! yes! jump in the air. were gonna jump in the air. here we go
pam:  okay
nate:  one, two, three.  not everyone jumped
michael:  okay, everybody jump in the air this time, please. here we go
nate:  one, two, three.  still some people not jumping
jim:  you gotta be kidding me. who isnt jumping
dwight:  ill tell you who. darryl, phyllis, stanley, angela, and oscar
phyllis:  i am jumping
dwight:  you are?
phyllis:  yes, im jumping
dwight:  let me see you jump.  oh, my god. this is a store bought-camera. this isnt one of those special military-grade cameras that would be able to capture that
pam:  im freezing
nate:  um, also, erin is jumping way too early. shes on the ground by ‘three
erin:  i didnt want to miss it
andy:  well, if we all jump really high, well be in the air longer. do that
oscar:  heres a question nobodys asking: is this worth it
michael:  dont answer that. people, listen up and listen good. we need to just get one picture where were all in the air at the same time. yes
oscar:  why
michael:  i believe in us. we can do this. here we go
nate:  okay, on three. uh, everyone in the air. three,  two,  one,  zero.
michael:  we didnt get it.
pam:  im the office administrator now, which means im basically being paid to be head of the party planning committee. the first thing i did as head… i shut it down. at its best it was a toxic political club used to make others feel miserable and left out. at its best it planned parties.
pam:  it hardly looks fake. its so lush
jim:  whys it smell real?  ah… good one.
michael:  oh, ho, ho, ho! oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! merry christmas, little children!
all:  merry christmas
michael:  hows everybody doing today
erin:  good
michael:  hows the party coming along
pam:  great
michael:  are we over budget
pam:  nope
michael:  no? good. did anyone get drunk already
meredith:  not yet
michael:  good for you. angela, lay it on me. whats the problem
angela:  nothing. should be fun
michael:  so stanley, how big is the bug up your butt today
stanley:   pam got those sugar-free cookies i like. im doing fine
michael:  alright. well, i will be in my office making toys for the good children. andy
andy:  yea
michael:  whatcha got
andy:  all good, santa
michael:  well, thats a relief. santas gonna take some much-needed free time. alright. good!
michael:  my kids are growin up. as a boss, i look at that and say great. it is exactly what a boss would hope would happen because thats what i want. thats what every boss wants is a, is a wonderful christmas with no drama.
kelly:  its present time, you guys.  happy holidays from your friends at sabre
gabe:  we just want to say how grateful we are.
kelly:  sabre is actively looking for ways to involve me as minority executive trainee. so i suggested choosing the annual christmas gift to the employees. and they said, “oh, yes. perfect. thank you, kelly. finally, something for you to do.”
kelly:  its a hello kitty laptop sleeve
andy:  hello kittys for girls
pam:  nashua got mp3 players
phyllis:  yeah, i dont even have a laptop
kelly:  i wonder if these presents would be under as much scrutiny if i were white
meredith:  wow
phyllis:  oh god
dwight:  oh come on
kelly:  i said, “i wonder.” i didnt say, “i think.
gabe:  kelly, i thought we agreed on fleece blankets
kelly:  blankets, what am i, five
gabe:  erin and i make great use of ours.
gabe:  yes, erin and i are still dating. why do you ask me so often if were still dating?
darryl:  ill take one of those pink pouches.
darryl:  i feel good today. my little girl jada? its my turn to have her for christmas this year. two years ago i had her, and we had the best time. i tivoed her favorite shows, some things ive never heard of. icarly… you know whos funny on that show? the friend with the video camera. hes got a nice way of talking.
jim:  hey, its snowing
dwight:   oh, my god! its the first snowfall of christmas. is that just so magical for you, little girl? can you not wait to have a hot chocolate, and cuddle up with papa and tell him about all your christmas dreams, hmm? its not even a real snow. look, its a dusting. pitiful
jim:   hey, dwight.
dwight:  damn it, jim, you cannot throw snowballs in here
jim:  well, its not a snowball, cause its only a dusting. right
dwight:  look at that. theres a pebble in there. you coulda killed me
phyllis:  oh, dont be such a baby
stanley:  yeah, whos a little girl now?
dwight:  you apologize to me right now
jim:  youve got something on your nose
dwight:  you apologize right now
jim:  no
dwight:  very well, then i challenge you to a snowball fight on the first real snow of winter
jim:  you got it
andy:  that sounds awesome. can we all do it
dwight:  no, andy, its a snowball fight. its not fun. go get your own thing. beat it.  jim, let go. let go.
kevin:  angela, are you bringing you new boyfriend to the party
angela:  i wouldnt subject robert to that. hes a very busy senator
oscar:  state senator
angela:  i would not expect you to know what its like to date someone in the public arena
oscar:  who are you dating in the public arena
angela:  the senator
kevin:  oh, right. the state senator
angela:  we went to a picnic thrown by the comptrollers wife
kevin:  oh, that would be impressive… if 
oscar:  well…
angela:  do you have any idea how many photographers there are at a ribbon-cutting ceremony. i do. two. “angela…”  “over here, angela…”  “here. look here!”
pam:  before we kick off the party, i just want to remind everyone that an office party is just that
michael:  yeah
pam:  a party. its not an excuse to get really drunk or confront someone or have a cathartic experience of any kind
michael:  pam? pam
dwight:  pam
pam:  wow, there are, there are questions to that. okay. um, you know what, no questions. last item on the agenda, toby would like to make an announcement
toby:  hi guys
michael:  hi
toby:  uh, i just wanted to let you know that, uh, ill be taking a leave of absence starting next week
michael:  uh, because youve been on the lam? because the ‘boring police have been after you, and they finally caught up with you
toby:  uh, no, the opposite. i was actually selected to be a juror on a very high-profile case
michael:  yes, the case of the horrible red-headed sad sack. and the verdict, it was toby. and the sentence, death. death to toby
dwight:  death to toby
toby:  okay, thats hurtful talk. weve talked about that. you know, i dont interrupt your announcements
michael:  you know what you, you, you leave these huge pauses in your sentences. what do you expect me to do
phyllis:  whats the case, toby
toby:  well, i really cant talk about it, but its a very high profile case
andy:  is it criminal
toby:  yes
andy:  have we heard of it
toby:  i dont know
dwight:  is it the middle school teacher who tried to turn her foreign exchange student into a sex slave
toby:  come on
meredith:  was it the post office guy who rubbed his penis all over the mail
toby:  guys, its a really big deal.
ryan:  hes rubbing his neck. hes rubbing his neck
kelly:  hes rubbing his neck
ryan:  hes rubbing his neck
andy:  oh, scranton strangler!
toby:  i can neither confirm nor deny this. lets just say ill be up to my neck in jury duty.
michael:  that was the worst joke ever
toby:  corporate will be sending someone else to take my place for a while
michael:  okay. okay goodbye, goodbye
toby:  uh, holly flax, she comes from the nashua branch
michael:  what? what
toby:  yeah, uh, shell be starting next week. if you have any questions about the transition, just let me know
michael:  hold on, hollys coming back here
toby:  yeah
erin:  guys, whos holly
michael:  that is a great question, erin. how do you describe somebody who is at the same time an old friend, and was a lover, and was a complicated part of my past, and maybe, just maybe a part of my future
erin:  wow
creed:  shes one sassy black lady
michael:  hollys coming back, everybody, and we have to have a party
gabe:  im not sure the temporary replacement of an h.r. rep really warrants a party
michael:  you know what, well postpone this party until then. this is too important. cancel this one. dwight get rid of the tree
dwight:  okay
michael:  cancel. were canceling it.
angela:  no, dont throw those out
michael:  no, we have to cancel the party
angela:  we can save that
michael:  no, no, no, were gonna get fresh for holly. fresh and new
andy:  i bought these
michael:  i know
andy:  these cookies are fine
michael:  its not. theyre not. fresh and new. please let go. please let go
pam:  michael, michael, wait we dont have, we dont have the budget for another party
michael:  well then everybodyll chip in, itll be fine
pam:  i honestly think youre idealizing people here again, michael. i dont think thats gonna happen
michael:  you know what, ill pay for it. ill pay for the party. it doesnt matter. this is way too important. people, hollys coming back, and this is the most important christmas party of my life. so back to work.
michael:  man, i worked hard. i worked so hard for this! i was after corporate constantly. i emailed joe. i wrote letters. and, know who i end up owing this to is the scranton strangler. thank you. thank you, scranton strangler. i love you! you just took one more persons breath away.
michael:  we have always had good christmas parties here, as you know, but theyve never been cool.  the name is bond… santa bond. ill have an eggnog, shaken, not stirred. classic brosnan. santa… wonderful tradition. everybody loves santa. everybody cant get enough of the jolly old man. but that is a myth, because you know what, he is not necessarily a big fat guy with a beard. hes not necessarily an old guy. no one knows what the real santa claus… god! ow!
angela:  just stop moving your calves so much while youre talking
michael:  well, this years gonna be different. were gonna have fun. its not gonna be tacky. its going to be, you know what, the food is going to be austere. it is not going to be tacky, deli platter food. its not gonna have a big, fat, gross santa claus. its gonna be cool, sleek santa
angela:  maybe ill bring my boyfriend. ill invite him
michael:  okay. sure
angela:  i mean, unless theres any chance there could be press at this party
michael:  you never know about the press
angela:  well, i only ask because hes a senator
michael:  could he help us with some parking tickets
angela:  i dont think thats appropriate
michael:  well, then hes not a senator
angela:  yes, he is
michael:  okay.
jim:  hey
pam:  hey
jim:  we still doing the gifts today?  i mean, it is the christmas party. well, the classy christmas party
pam:  yes. but dont get too excited, cause i didnt have a lot of time this year
jim:  me neither. whew
pam:  okay.
pam:  ive been working forever on jims present. he always gives me the best christmas gifts. hell take a memory or a private joke, and hell create something totally unique. i love them. so this year i made him something. a comic book. it stars jimmy halpert, a mild-mannered paper salesman who, while riding his bike through the forest, is bitten by a radioactive bear, becomes ‘bear man. wreaks havoc on the office. its really good.
jim:  
michael:  okay…  oh, no, no, no, no! fake tree. no, no
pam:  no, it has the little
michael:  pam, no, no. hollys coming from new hampshire. somebody from new hampshire looks at that and thinks its a burning cross. no, no. i want you to go and get a real tree. take some money. thank you
bass player:  hi, im looking for michael scott
michael:  yes, thats me. come on it.
michael:   theres nothing classier than boring jazz music. i am here to tell ya. and i made a bit of a judgment call. i hired one musician, because i thought, whats better, to hire an entire quartet for half an hour, or one bassist for the entire day?
pam:  hey, uh, any volunteers to come with me to go buy a christmas tree
kevin:  i would, but i dont want to get dirty. there might be girls at the party
pam:  why do you always think that girls are gonna be at the party? no one invited girls. its just us
andy:  i will help. although my ‘brid, my hybrid, my prius hybrid, wont fit a tree. which is ironic, considering how many trees it saves on a daily basis
kevin:  yeah
andy:  i do, however, have a hookup with a dude who has a pickup
pam:  oh, do you mean darryl? thats a great idea. ill ask him
andy:  you know darryl
pam:  yeah. he works here. we all know him
andy:  i should come along, just cause hes my, you know, hes my hookup
pam:  cool
darryl:  come on, now, justine, look… listen, look, ive been planning this, okay? you cannot do this, justine.
justine:   im not doing it! she told me she wants to have christmas here
darryl:  she did
justine:  yes. she wants to be around family for christmas.
darryl:  i dont know… i thought i was enough family for my daughter.
darryl:   dont come in, im busy.
andy:  its cool, darryl, im here too
pam:  hey, sorry, i really didnt want to come in. its just that we have to go buy a new christmas tree, and were hoping we could borrow your truck
darryl:  uh, no
andy:  come on, itll be fun. we could do doughnuts in the snow on the way back
darryl:  no. thank you for your interest in my truck
pam:  okay. sorry. well uh, well leave you alone
darryl:  hey…  you know what, i could use a breath of fresh air. lets do it.
michael:  when holly gets here, i want you to be very helpful to her
erin:  ive looked her up online… theres nothing about her. shes made no impression on the internet
michael:  she doesnt need an internet presence, you just know
erin:  oh
toby:  hey
michael:  what the hell are you doing here? youre supposed to be in the courthouse
toby:  uh, were on recess. i came for the party. hey, everyone
kevin:  hi, toby.
meredith:  what does the strangler look like? is he gorgeous? he looks gorgeous in the drawings
kevin:  yeah
meredith:  that scowl
toby:  i cant talk about it or ill get removed from the jury
michael:  and then he will come back here and replace holly, so stop asking him questions.
toby:  i know people are only this excited to talk to me because of the trial. but, they talk to me for a while, and maybe people realize i have something to say. and then one day, were just talking.
jim: 
dwight:   youve reached the voice mail of dwight kurt schrute. please leave…
dwight:  ahhhhhhh!!!! ahh! ahh! ahh
jim:  stop! stop
dwight:  ahh
jim:  oh… oh
dwight:  
dwight:  i have no feeling in my fingers or penis. but i think it was worth it.
dwight:   haahh!! 
jim:  um, i was laying on the ground, defenseless, and uh, he just kept throwing em until he exhausted himself. and, uh,  then…  “how bout icing it? lol. dwight.”
holly:  hi
erin:  hello
holly:  is there any way i can get a hand with these, please
erin:  im really sorry, i cant help you. im waiting for my boss pretty friend to arrive
michael:  there she is. hey. erin, would you help her, for gods sake
erin:  oh, youre holly! of course. sorry
michael:  hello
holly:   well, well, well, if it isnt michael scott. you old bastard
michael:   well, i never thought id see your face around these parts, you old bastard
holly:  well i did show my face around these parts, you old bastard
michael:   why, youre some sorta wise guy, huh
holly:   i most certainly am
michael:  nyuk, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk
holly:  unnnnnnngh
michael:   doh
holly:   oh, homey.
jim:  okay… hollys back
michael:  hi. hi. oh…
holly:   oh, huggy monster
michael:  oh no, not the huggy monster! i dont wanna die! i dont wanna die! i dont wanna die!  wow. well, everybody, you remember holly
holly:  hi
kevin:  did you bring us anything from nashua
holly:  oh, yeah. i brought um, some maple candy. but i have to admit, i got a little hungry on the drive, and i ate some of them
michael:  thats adorable
holly:  would you put those out
erin:  to throw out? or put out, like, six pieces for everyone
holly:  oh, its so nice to be back. it looks beautiful in here. super classy. its like a party for limousine drivers
michael:  well, you came on the day of our christmas party
holly:  oh, its fabulous. i love what you did
michael:  isnt it wonderful? we love it here. dont you love it? all right, let me show you to your desk.  i show you to your desk
holly:   watch out for my guns theyre both loaded.
michael:  what kind of guns do you have? six-shooter
jim:  aww
holly:  its a pea shoot…
michael:  this is weird. i cant believe youre here. this feels like you never left. doesnt it
holly:  yeah, kind of
michael:  oh
holly:  oh
michael:  oh, and you have a woody. bah!  oh, i love toy…
holly:  aj gave me that
michael:  well, thats understandable. still raw. woody your favorite character
holly:  mmhmm
michael:  you know who my favorite character in toy story is? andys mom
holly:  why
michael:  because without andys mom, theres no plot. and without any plot, there is no movie
holly:  that is a really good point. aj said he hadnt seen any of the toy story movies
michael:  youre kidding me. ahh
holly:  no. i know. i was like, “what? are you serious?
michael:  what a douche bag
holly:  get a life
michael:  get a… yeah! good riddance
holly:  we sat down and we watched them all in one day.
michael:  mmhmm
holly:  now hes the biggest toy story fanatic ever
michael:  good for him
holly:  next day i found him in my bed
michael:  really? thats creepy. how did aj get in your house
holly:  we live together
michael:  oh, you do
holly:  he had a little note pinned to him that said, “youve got a friend in me.
michael:   yeah, randy newmans the best
holly:  yeah. i love him
michael:  me too.
andy:   christmas tree, christmas tree. wont you be my christmas tree
pam:  hey, how about this one
andy:  ehh, seems a little full of itself, right? kind of a pretty boy? what if we got a really beat up one, like on charlie brown. and we just loved it for what it is
pam:  maybe. i mean…
darryl:   i just, no, she be talking to your mom or something. this is my daughter too, justine! you seem to think,  oh… pick a damn tree already
pam:  um, hey, darryl, listen, its none of my business, but if i couldnt have cece for christmas, id be really upset too
andy:  i dont have kids or anything, but if my grandmother ever dies, im going to kill myself
darryl:  jada dont want to spend christmas with me. she told her mom it wasnt as much fun. and how could she say that? you know, i took her to the toy store to buy her own presents
pam:  well darryl, no kid wants to buy their own christmas presents
darryl:  her mom wants me to take her to mass. i guess thats something to do
pam:  no, you should have her mom do the boring christmas stuff on her time. you should be associated with the fun parts of christmas
darryl:  how do i do that
pam:  bring her to the party. yeah, well have santa, and well play games with her. itll be a lot of fun
andy:  yes
pam:  youll be mr. christmas by the end of the night.
pam:  hey guys, the trees here
michael:  hey
andy:  nobody hug me, im covered in tree sap, so
oscar:  why would someone hug you
michael:  hey there, jada. nice to see you again. im santa claus. welcome
darryl:  are you serious
michael:  its a sophisticated take
jada:  he doesnt look like santa claus
darryl:  no, he doesnt.  i told her santa would be here
michael:  yeah, well, i was told that holly would be here, single and ready to date. and we all got misled
pam:  who told you that
michael:  nora ephron, in every romantic comedy ever made.
phyllis:  so is it an open relationship
holly:  oh, god, no
kelly:  well, youre almost 40. oh, do you not want kids
holly:  oh, i want kids. i really want kids. but aj and i are practically engaged. we talk about spending our lives together
kelly:  so wheres the ring
pam:  kelly! um, how are you adjusting to the move
phyllis:  nobody cares about that. look, you have to make him commit, or kick his butt to the curb
pam:  you guys, i dont think any of us are really qualified to be giving holly personal advice about her love life
erin:  yeah, i mean, maybe hollys not in any position to be shooing guys away.
erin:  i dont get it! im sorry. i just, i dont get it!
holly:  okay, listen, im gonna tell him that if he doesnt propose by the end of this year, were over
pam:  wow, an ultimatum
holly:  yeah
pam:  it doesnt really seem like you
kelly:  that is a great idea. ultimatums are key. basically, nobody does anything for me anymore unless i threaten to kill myself.
dwight: 
jim:  dont. stop, dwight!  dwight, stop! dwight, stop
dwight:  oh, no. oh, no
jim:  stop
dwight:  oh, no. yes, taste my wrath
jim:  okay. okay. okay
dwight:  huh? you like that
jim:  seriously
dwight:  huh
jim:  okay. okay. 
dwight:  yes, i have a wig for every single person in the office. you never know when your gonna need to bear a passing resemblance to someone.
jim:  i just want it to stop.
pam:  so, cool right
ryan:  theres no connection between the origin story and the quest
pam:  okay
ryan:  we need to know who jimmy halpert was before he was bitten by the bear. otherwise, its the bears quest
pam:  okay, well, i just sorta meant, like, cute, right
ryan:  well, did you come here for help, or did you come here for me to tell you how great it is
pam:  i mean, help, if its something simple, like add page numbers or laminate it or
ryan:  well, it sounds like you know what you want.  its also a little derivative of a serias called ‘bear man. did you look that up
pam:  no
ryan:  okay.
toby:  oh, jim. hey
jim:  hey, toby
toby:  theres this female uh, uh, stenographer at the courthouse
jim:  no way
toby:  who looks exactly like you
jim:  thats increadible
toby:  yeah. no, its uncanny
jim:  you know whats crazy
toby:  what
jim:  i cant reconnect with you right now. hold on one second.  excuse me. 
michael:  i guess there are just some people who you stay together with when you transfer, and some people you dont. and thats just the way it is. and i can be mature about that. 
angela:  its so cold. even with my coat on
meredith:  maybe your senator boyfriend has a blanket in his car… for screwing americans
gabe:  yet another opportunity where a blanket would have come in handy.
holly:  you guys, this has to stop. someone could have really gotten hurt
michael:  what if meredith was taking her smoking break below that window? you know what would have happened? the shards of glass would have shaved her face right off. and, yes, it might have been funny. but it also would have been incredibly tragic
dwight:  i could not agree more. and just want to state for the record that i am intending to sue jim for acute psychological distress
jim:  what are you talking about? youre the one terrorizing me
dwight:  with snowballs, jim? with fluffy little snowballs? no. i thought we were just playing
holly:  dwights right. what you did was dangerous and inappropriate. im really surprised at you guys. last time i was here, you were both best friends
michael:  all this arguing reminds me of a very funny story. you see this on my desk?  know who gave me this? my girlfriend tara, who lives in new york city
dwight:  wait, what girlfriend
michael:  i havent told you about her
dwight:  i find that unlikely. you email me when you get a new zit
michael:  im a man in my mid-40s and i still get zits. i think thats pretty interesting. but you know what? i am not on trial here. the scranton strangler is. so, anyway, we have this great weekend, and she drives me to the airport, and we get to jfk, but i am flying out of laguardia. so we laugh and laugh and laugh, and then we spend the rest of the day walking around slo-mo, drinking latte. and at the end of the day, she gives me this, and she says, “michael, maybe next time, you should take a cab.
holly:  i didnt know you had a girlfriend
michael:  i do. she is.
michael:  did you see her face? well it seems to me that there is a person sitting out there in the annex that still has feelings for michael g. scott. and it aint tara.
phyllis:  so you went homemade this year
pam:  yup
phyllis:  yeah. money problems, is that what this is about? i mean, oh, dear, i dont think we can help you out
pam:  no, no. jim had a great year, actually. i just wanted to get your opinion
phyllis:  are you good at homemade
pam:  look at this
phyllis:  yeah…
holly:   who did this? its obvious to me im not welcome here, but somebody better tell me who did this, or else im leaving
phyllis:  well, i dont think erin seems to like you
erin:  thats not true. i dont know her enough to make a decision even
michael:  what happened? what happened? toby, what did you do? i think tobys very jealous of all the attention youve been getting
toby:  no, i would never ever do anything like that. but it does seem like something you would do
michael:  oh, really? turn it on me. well, isnt that nice? thank you very much
kevin:  wait, wait, guys, listen. toy story is all about toys that come to life when people arent looking. you dont think… its not possible… that woody did this to himself
michael:  it is christmas
angela:  no, it really seems like something michael would do
michael:  mmhmm. mmhmm. well, the fact that you would think that points to the possibility that it is probably not me. and that i have been framed
andy:  why would anyone frame you for that
jim:  okay, im sorry, why are we discounting this whole “woody came to life” thing so quickly
michael:  ahhhhhh!  surprise! it was part of the party. pretty funny, huh
holly:  you think this is funny
michael:   i dont. but someday i think we will laugh about this… when we tell our kids
jim:  yikes.
kevin:  oh no, thats, thats not happening
dwight:  dear god in heaven
michael:  all right. shh. okay, you know what? holly, i didnt mean to do it. it was an accident. an accident borne of jealous feelings
holly:  michael, you have to let this go. im with someone else. i dont feel that way anymore
michael:  oh, really? you certainly seemed jealous when i told you about my fake girlfriend. thats what jim and dwight thought
dwight:  okay, hey, hey, hey
jim:  no, fake girlfriends are always wrong
holly:  you made up a fake girlfriend to see if id get jealous? and you destroyed a gift my boyfriend gave me? what is the matter with you
michael:  when you got transferred, and i drove you up to nashua, you said, “michael, i love you, but i cant do this.” but then, with this other guy, you dont have any problem with a long-distance relationship, do you? and you know what, that is what is the matter with me
holly:  michael, im sorry
michael:  and we did this whole stupid party for you
erin:   no
holly:  you guys, it wasnt my fault
kevin:  oh, nothing is ever your fault! just like when you ate those maple candies that you brought for us!
erin:  i really think youre better off
michael:  mmm. erin, would you do me a favor and find my street clothes for me, please
erin:  yeah. is she an amazing cook or something?
jim:   “hey, pickles, merry christmas. open immediately. love, swiss cheese.”  damn it, dwight
dwight:  didnt think your affectionate nicknames would be your undoing, did you, jim? let that be a lesson to you all.
stanley:  so do they bring in food, or do you get to go out
toby:  no, they bring it in
stanley:  you lucky son of a bitch.
stanley:  i have been trying to get on jury duty every single year since i was 18 years old. to get to go sit in an air-conditioned room downtown, judging people while my lunch is paid for… that is the life.
jada:  daddy, im bored. can i read my book in your office
darryl:  sure, sweetie.
pam:  jada, darryl, im so glad i found you guys. a grinch stole the star from on top of the christmas tree and is hiding it in the warehouse somewhere. you want to go help me find him?
pam:  oh, my goodness
andy:  i am the mean old grinch. the little girl who wishes to win back the christmas star must first succeed at these challenges
darryl:  ohh, that sounds fun and christmasy, you mean old grinch
jada:  what kind of challenges
andy:  wahhh
pam:  something like an obstacle course, mr. grinch
andy:  no. you must answer topical political questions. how many congressmen is the state of pennsylvania guaranteed? and what other state has the equal number
jada:  i dont know
andy:  do you know the other state
darryl:  maybe the grinch hid the christmas star, and we could ask for clues, and hell tell us if were hot or cold
andy:  the star has been hidden. is the little girl hot or cold? well, it turns out shes burning up because the star is right behind her ear!
darryl:  and the games over seconds later.
angela:  im so glad you could come
robert:  its nice. i know
angela:  hey everybody, this is my boyfriend, senator robert lipton
robert:  hi
oscar:  senator, its an honor. im angelas friend oscar
robert:  oscar. a pleasure.
oscar:  robert seems great. hes very handsome, firm handshake, hes gay, good sense of humor.
aj:  hi
erin:  hello
aj:  im, uh, im aj. im here to see holly. its kind of a surprise
erin:  i know who you are, and i think you should go
kevin:  i bet you didnt even bring us anything, did you
aj:  was i supposed to bring you guys something
holly:  what? aj
aj:  surprise
holly:  what are you doing here? oh, my god
aj:  i wanted to see you. how are you
holly:  wow! nice
aj:  oh, god, you look great
holly:  oh… when did you get here
aj:  just now
michael:  he
aj:  just now. hey, michael
michael:  nice to see you again, aj. welcome
aj:  pleased to see you. thank you
michael:  good trip down
aj:  yeah, it was great
michael:  good, good. good to see you. have fun. enjoy the partay.
michael:  i am dead inside.
darryl:  what do you want, baby? we got some granola, got some cupcakes, chips, apples, pies…
jada:  you have a whole room of vending machines
creed:   i know. isnt it something
jada:  i cant decide what i want.
darrly:   merry christmas
jada:  merry christmas
pam:  thank you
jada:  and merry christmas
meredith:  thank you
jada:  and merry christ… mas.
robert:  thank you so much
jada:  merry christmas. and merry christmas
oscar:  merry christmas to you.
jada:  merry christmas
bass player:  oh, thank you.
kevin:   for your feet!
ryan:   its amazing. its so great. thank you.
creed:   for me
angela:  yes
creed:  thank you very much
angela:  mmhmm.
angela:  i dont know if you guys have had a chance to use the new parking meters that accept credit cards, but robert was instrumental in that legislation
kevin:  wow, thats awesome
oscar:  a real david and goliath story
robert:  im just so touched that shes so interested in my work
angela:  i am
meredith:  the real problem is the teachers union
angela:  zip it, meredith
meredith:  no. you tell me why my kid is 17 and still cant read
ryan:  hey, whos in charge of making drinks around here? is there a bartender
angela:  you are. you make your own drink.
oscar:  ill make it. what are you drinking
ryan:  an ‘f train to brooklyn. extra bitters
oscar:  i dont know how to make that
ryan:  okay, well, ill just stick with my mojito
angela:  and you know those annoying geese at the park? well, hes helping eradicate them as well. i mean, i think theyve really become a pest
meredith:  annoying
angela:  yes.
pam:   i dont think hes in the ceiling, babe
jim:  well, uh… i dont think any of us really know. alright.
pam:  is it… is it pebbles from that beach in jamaica?
jim:  ooh, go easy with the shaking
pam:   oh, my god
jim:  you like it
pam:  i love it.
jim:  yup, i do make great christmas gifts. but i couldnt make that.
jim:  alright, my turn
pam:  oh, um, its just, i didnt, i didnt have a lot of time, so thats just a place holder
jim:  right. of course.  “the adventures of jimmy halpert.” oh, my god. this is awesome! thats my bike. thats my desk. and that is my daughter.
jim:  i mean… 
pam:  michael, wait
michael:  oh, hey, hey, no, dont run. youre gonna slip
pam:  thats good advice
michael:  yup. i read this story about a woman who slipped on some black ice, and she hit her head and went into a coma forever. and then every day, her husband went and visited her in the hospital until she died
pam:  thats a sad story
michael:   yeah, well, at least he was married
pam:  oh, okay, michael, slow down. everythings gonna be okay.
michael:  no, its not. its not. oh, man, i can tell you confidently that it is not gonna be okay
pam:  i shouldnt tell you this, but… aj wont commit to holly. and shes gonna tell him that if he doesnt propose to her by the end of the year, its over
michael:  really
pam:  really. and i dont know about you, but i dont know of a lot of happy marriages that start off with an ultimatum, do you
michael:  no
pam:  so just be patient
michael:  yeah. i mean, i can wait till then. come here. i dont want you to fall.
jim:  i surrender
dwight:  i do not accept your surrender. theres only one way that i would ever relent
jim:  anything. you got it
dwight:  you hit pam in the face with a snowball while i watch
jim:  youre a psychopath
dwight:  ill take that as a no.
michael:  i was in the mall, and i saw that, and i thought it had your name written all over it
kelly:  michael, this is the gift that corporate gave us that i picked out. youre re-gifting this to me
michael:  no, thats not… no, i went to the mall and i picked that out especially for you
kelly:  oh, yeah? well, show me the receipt
michael:   from the mall. that
kelly:  this is a fast food receipt from april
michael:  well, that…
kelly:  god, how many number nines did you order
aj:  is everyone here kind of mean
holly:  oh, i think everyones on edge because of the strangler trial
aj:  oh.
holly:  hey, im so glad you came down. its been so much harder than i expected
aj:  hey, what happened to woody
holly:  oh, okay, get ready for this. youre not gonna believe it. i was making salad, and he fell right into the dressing. i mean, there was salad dressing all over him
aj:  he smells awful
holly:  it was blue cheese dressing
aj:  great.
darryl:  hey, mike
michael:  hey
darryl:  we wanted to give you something
michael:  oh
jada:  merry christmas
michael:  thank you. a hostess apple pie! this is my favorite breakfast. how did you know that? thank you very much
darryl:  what do you say
jada:  youre welcome
michael:  oh, you know, i seem to remember that santa promised that he would listen to all the gifts you wanted for christmas. didnt he say that
jada:  yeah
michael:  i think i know where he is.
jada:  a trampoline
michael:  mmhmm
jada:  video games
michael:  video games
jada:  a dsi
michael:  a dsi
jada:  a horse
michael:  a horse
jada:  a pool
michael:  you, are you sure you dont want a pony? you want a real horse
jada:  yes
michael:  all right. you have to pick up after them.
pam:  hey, sorry. im ready
jim:  i dont want to go
pam:  oh… come on, bear man. come on.
jim:  have you ever seen em do that?
pam:  im sorry. i had no idea
jim:  no, its, its okay. okay
pam:  oh, my god. oh, my god. no, no, no, no
jim:  okay. this is it
pam:  what
jim:  go! go! go
pam:  what? what is it? what? what is, oh, my god!  honey? jim? jim!
dwight:  in the end, the greatest snowball isnt a snowball at all. its fear. merry christmas.
