dwight: wow. late every day this week.
pam: we signed cici up for this daycare. its on the other side of town. the traffic…
dwight: why didnt i think of this before? did you know that there is a daycare center opening right here in this building
jim: is there really?
dwight: now that i own the building, im looking for new sources of revenue. and a daycare center… ha ha ha  well i guess its not an evil idea. its just a regular idea. but there is no good laugh for a regular idea.
dwight: welcome to the sesame avenue daycare center for infants and toddlers.
jim: aaah
mose: aaah
dwight: you remember my cousin mose
mose: welcome children
pam: were you painting in the dark?
jim: wait. is this your place dwight
dwight: oh no. i like to think of it as a kids place. would you like a tour
pam: i dont really think we need…
jim: oh… lets take the tour pam.
pam: yeah
dwight: come on. here is the language skills and cognitive development area. these are english… uh… letters.  i see you found out magical toy box jim.
jim: these are actually forks and knives from the break room
dwight: jim! to you and me, maybe, but, come on! to a childs imagination thats mr. fork and lieutenant knife and… ms. fork.
pam: and a soy sauce packet.
dwight: oh! that shouldnt have been in there. im embarrassed.
jim: dont beat yourself up.
dwight: we come fully equipped with a restroom. feeding trough, play bucket, and room for a plant, in success.
jim: who will be watching the children
dwight: no one. the door locks from the outside. escape is impossible.
jim: prove it.
dwight: what
jim: were going to head outside, give it a whirl. i just want to see how it works.
dwight: oh no, no, no.
jim: but ill tell you this, if this works out, i think were looking real good.
dwight: i promise you, that door locks! 
toby: whats something that you
michael: this is the worst! you are the worst! i hate looking at your face! i wanna smash it!
michael: ok, you know what? i made a mistake. i committed corporate punishment. my bad. its over. its done. but my punishment is … um … worse than hell.
toby: michael has been assigned six hours of mandatory counseling with a trained professional. i actually have a degree in social work. i mean, i know a lot of people would ask a few standard questions, and check off a few boxes, but ive got a chance to do some good here.
michael: i know what you want to ask me. “did your mom ever see you naked?”
toby: we can do this with more privacy
michael: so you can molest me? oh, ok. i dont think so. were going to leave the blinds open so every one can see what a big failure you are. thats the key.
dwight: boycott the steamtown mall! everyone, you heard me! cancel all of your business with the steamtown mall
phyllis: the mall itself or just the stores in the mall?
dwight: all of it! the mall, the stores, the kiosks
ryan: america is one big mall.
jim: did something happen dwight?
dwight: yeah, something happened. oh yeah, something happened, jim.
andy: well, tell us what it is. i mean, it would help us to get some context so we can get on board.
dwight: you dont want to know.
toby: id like you to imagine a place where you feel very peaceful. for me, its the walk from the yogurt shop to my car after i drop my daughter off on sunday afternoons.
phyllis: im glad michael is getting help. he as a lot of issues, and hes stupid.
pam:  look, im not going to tell you that we have lower prices. is price something that is important to you? ok, well let me know if anything changes.
jim: pam
pam: i cant do this. i dont have this sales gene, or whatever it is. tell me everything is going to be ok
jim: everything is going to be ok.
pam: tell me im good at sales.
jim: youre good… youre good at sales.
pam: the unfair thing about working in sales is that your salary is almost all commission. so, you suck at sales, you make almost no money. i guess thats fair.
andy: dwight
dwight: what
andy: did you call all of my clients at the mall and cancel all my business while using the “f” word
dwight: yes i did. and im going to do the same with all of your clients.
stanley: no you will not.
dwight: oh yes i will! that mall is corrupt, ok! theyre “appearance”ists
jim: ok, dwight. we cant do that. so why dont you just tell us what happened
pam: yeah, what happened dwight
jim: ok
dwight: you guys know me. you know that im not one for fancy things, but there was this one thing. it was in a fancy store. and it caught the corner of my eye when i took mose down to the mall to get his blood pressure at the rite-aid. and i thought, you know, maybe i deserve this. you know, i had a great crop yield this fall
pam: so what happened
dwight: i went to the store and i pressed the buzzer, and they looked right at me, and then they looked away. and then i pressed the buzzer again, and they started taking pictures of me on their mobile phones. i guess im not the kind of guy thats good enough for precious heirlooms
kelly: you know what dwight? you need to go back there, and you need to “pretty woman” their asses.
creed: we should start our own mall
erin: yeah
jim: wait, wait, wait. thats actually a really good idea kelly
kelly: what did i say?
kelly: i talk a lot, so ive learned to just tune myself out.
jim: dwight, how about this? instead of boycotting, you and i, together, go down to that store and we teach those snobs a lesson
andy: no, you and i… and i. im going to come with you.
dwight: o
jim: alright.
andy: did you assume that i would automatically side with the rich snobby shop owner?  how about now?  how about now?  how about now?
toby: uh… what was your favorite flavor of
michael: one hour
toby: what
michael: one hour. weve done one hour. lets just speed this up, ok? keep it moving. i want to do all six hours today.
toby: ok, i cant count the hour if you dont talk.
michael: no, no, no! i know my rights! all i had to do was sit here for six hours. do my time.
toby: michael, its up to me to check off the boxes, and i cant do that unless i honestly
michael: you know, do you have any idea how angry this is making me
toby: tell me!
toby: i think we might be about to maybe really get somewhere.
michael: yes, i will. i will talk alright. be careful what you wish for toby.
dwight: apparently there is a famous hollywood movie from the 1980s, beautiful girl
andy: pretty woman
dwight: apparently, its one of the best revenge stories of all times, in which this sex worker, who is the antagonist… that cant be right. andy? how does it…
jim: no, no. i want to hear you tell it.
dwight: ok, um… the sex worker is denied service at a fancy store because she does not look wealthy. she later returns dressed in all the “trappings” of extravagant wealth, but instead of going
andy: julia roberts goes into the store, and shes like,” i was in here yesterday and you wouldnt help me.” and the shop girl goes, “ok”. and julia roberts goes,” you girls work on commission, right?” and the girl is like,”yeah”, and julia roberts goes
kelly: “big mistake! huge!
andy: i was telling that… i was telling that.
stanley: how many paper supplies and ink cartridges to go with that? ok, sure.
erin: i dont know.
pam:  i am. i am the office administrator!
pam: oh, were not interested. were not interested at all.
pam: there are a few ways to get promoted. one is to wait for an opening and apply for it. thats the main way. but this could work.
michael: toby, can i really tell you anything
toby: of course.
michael: well, the other night, i was sitting at the table, eating my penis… i mean peas. that was weird. aaaah… weird. i think that was … i was probed. by an alien life form. an a.l.f. alf, you know, i might have actually been probed by alf. you might think hes a puppet. you never see the lower half. but there is a lower half.
oscar: office administrator. so when did this happen
pam: a few months ago. i was talking to someone at corporate, who isnt there anymore, and i think the paperwork just got lost in the shuffle. can you believe that?
oscar: yeah, totally. well, congrats
pam: thanks! yeah, so im just going to take care of things around the office and get paid a reasonable salary. you believe that, right
oscar: totally, thats great.
pam: i get paid $40,000 per year
oscar: great
pam: maybe $50,000
oscar: $50,000
pam: no, not $50,000, $41,000, i think. $41,500
oscar: thats great.
jim: before me stands your coworker, dwight kurt schrute. dwight, show them all sides. turn around. now, today, we need your help turning dwight into a gentleman
andy: a gentleman who is a rich snob who will go into shopping malls and drop huge amounts of cash on clothes
stanley: is he still doing his boycott
jim: no, this is instead of the boycott. yeah
kelly: you shirt and tie are disgusto-barfo
jim: agreed.
dwight: really
oscar: maybe something not so monochromatic. not so matching.
dwight: wait. less matching to appear more rich
ryan: the glasses are a little
pam: i liked them
kelly: i thought they were kind of cute
ryan: yeah, i liked them too.
dwight: i cant see
darryl: say stuff like, “good morning, good afternoon”. people appreciate that.
dwight: wait, i see you every day. can i say “good month?
darryl: im telling you how to do this man
andy: if someone offers you a cocktail, accept, but keep your wits about you.
angel: please and thank you go a long way
dwight: copy. thank you
angela: thank you
dwight: please
andy:  i think hes got it!
michael: and i was raised by wolves. i was 25 years old before i saw my first human being. wait, is it a full moon tonight?
toby: come on michael. those are all fake stories.
michael: yes, yes. they are all fake stories. what sort of twisted mind would come up with weird stories like that?  three hours. were half way done.
toby: oh.
pam: hey, do you have a second
gabe: yeah
pam: well, as i am sure you know, for the past few months, ive been the office administrator. since right before you guys took over.
gabe: right, of course
pam: and, i havent gotten paid yet. im not blaming you
gabe: thank you so much
pam: i just think somebody lost the paperwork.
gabe: oh boy. can you get every department heads signature on this so i can back this up to corporate
pam: yes. absolutely. right away.
toby: you know what michael? youre right. you win. this is pointless. were not getting anywhere. i got a bunch of fun stuff, in case my daughter ever comes over. why dont we just run out the clock by playing games, drawing some pictures, talking?
andy: 
jim: we present to you for your comments and approval, dwight k. shrute
phyllis: go get em dwight.
jim: wish us luck
dwight: thank you
erin: dwight 
erin: disposable cameras are fun, although it does seem wasteful and you dont ever get to see your pictures. if its an important even that you want to remember, i recommend using a real camera. but i dont care if i forget today.
toby: we can play something more complicated if you like
michael: this is plenty complicated.
toby: so you have played it before
michael: ive played it once or twice with jeff
toby: whos jeff
michael: jeff was my mothers boyfriend, who she married
toby: so, her husband, your stepdad
michael: yeah, yeah. i guess i never thought about it that way, though.
toby: did you guys do much stuff together
michael: yeah. you know what? he took me to a baseball game once, i remember. it was weird though. they took the pitcher out of the game. i felt really bad, because the pitcher wasnt able to play with his friends anymore. but jeff said that the manager was making a really good move, by taking the pitcher out. he really respected the manager.
toby: its working. im doing it!
angela: 
dwight: what
angela: my place tonight. wear this.
dwight: do you have your card?
angela: yes. dont forget the pipe.
toby: its really sad that your dog ran away. why did it keep you from going to the park
michael: i was afraid i would find him in the park, playing with another kid
toby: why
michael: i guess thats why i thought he ran away in the first place. to find a kid he liked better
toby: dogs dont do that.
michael: right. why would a dog do that? thats silly.
toby: i dont know.
michael: when i hear myself say it, it sounds ridiculous. but ive never said it out loud, so
toby: its very important for you to be liked, isnt it
michael: well, lets not get too… this isnt a counseling session… ok. son of a gun. son of a bitch. wow! ok
toby: im just trying to help you michael.
michael: you. bitch. god! youre very helpful arent you? you try to help everybody. do you want to play another game
toby: i just want to
michael: you are good. but you know what? you cant help people. you couldnt help your marriage. you lose. i dont need your help. nobody needs your help. nobody wants it! you cant help anybody. i dont need your help! am i going to make you cry
toby:  just fill them out any way you want
michael: ok
toby: ill have erin fax them back to corporate.
michael: youll do. . . ok. filled out. good. thank you doctor. take two of these  and call me in the morning.
pam: hey michael, um… about three months ago, i was talking to… 
pam: there are a lot of one person departments here, so, theres a lot of department heads. but im off to a good start. oh, man! if i could pull this off, it will be scam of all scams. and yet very helpful to everyone.
gabe: so, corporate got your evaluations, and they want me to check, is that really how you feel about michaels situation
toby: yes
gabe: that is not how it seems to me
toby: he seems fine
gabe: you marked severe in all the categories, including at risk for homicidal behavior.
toby: heh.
darryl: i saw a tlc show on kate walshs home office. all corkboard
pam: we can do that.
darryl: right in here
pam: easily
gabe: im back! ha ha. pam, perfect. i was hoping to talk to the office administrator about a little office administration problem.
pam: but of course
gabe: great.
gabe: the problem, unfortunately, is about the office administrator. i have gone through everything for the past three years. there is nothing that says you are the office administrator.
pam: so weird that there is no paperwork.
gabe: at all
pam: although, like, unlikely things happen all the time. my best friend, in high school, she went to australia, canberra i think, and she met this guy who lived only two streets away in america.
gabe: pam, i dont want to accuse you of anything. i just want everything to be back the way its supposed to be. can you just admit… admit
pam: admit what
gabe: i dont want to say it.
pam: say it.
gabe: mm-hmm
pam: say that im lying or say that i have the job. make a definitive statement, gabe
gabe: statements of such nature, while they have their place, are overused in a competitive business environment.
pam: great. well, let me know if you need a new chair, or anything that an office administrator can handle.
gabe: will do… can i get one of those name plates… that says gabe lewis
pam: sure. anything else
gabe: nope
pam:  ill get it right away.
pam: the first lesson of watching world poker tour at 2:00 am, you play the opponent. not the cards.
jim: is that what you were here for? a crystal wizard? i like it
dwight: it is a pewter wizard holding a crystal.
jim: wait a second. you know you cant buy that now, right? and i can come back and get it for you later. but im saying right now, we cant do that.
dwight:  because im here for one thing. revenge.
jim: thats it.
salesman: let me know if i can help you with anything.
dwight: excuse me sir
salesman: yes
dwight: i was here yesterday, and you refused to wait on me
salesman: i remember, yes. im terribly sorry about that.
dwight: you work on commission, dont you
jim: stop, stop, stop.
salesman: no, we dont
jim: did you just say you remember him
salesman: of course, but he looks much less threatening now.
jim: what does that mean
salesman: we had a safety concern. um… we very politely indicated that hed be welcome back
dwight: good morning
salesman: if he were in accordance with our dress policy
dwight: what?
salesman: but the blood stained hands
dwight: it was beet juice! i am a beet farmer idi
salesman: im very sorry
dwight: good sir. i happen to have been working a very long day. when i came to you fine establishment. you are such a… im gonna… ok. listen. you cant treat… thank you! good morning sir
jim: lets just go
dwight: you made a big mistake. huge
jim: there it is. alright.
dwight: aaah
jim: thats pretty good
andy: after you
dwight:  ill take the wizard
salesman: oh, ok!
michael: you forged them! you forged the forms
toby: you filled them in and faxed them yourself
michael: yes
toby: you remember that
michael: yes, but you had me so worked up that i made a mistake.
toby: unless part of you made that mistake on purpose.
michael: you dont make a mistake on purpose, toby! then it is no longer a mistake… gabe. he messed it up. he messed up the forms, i bet…  “i mess everything up so i can fix it and keep my job! bah! good thing im here cause i do nothing. i make everybody nervous!”  ah, ok. got your notebook? alright. alright, lets bang this out. lets do it to it!
