pam:  we could get deangelo flowers
dwight:  no, you cant get flowers for someone whos in a coma. theyll wilt before he wakes up
phyllis:  thats true
jim:  all in favor of the baskets full of chocolates, teddy bears, and balloons?
dwight:  wait, wait. all in favor of the knapsack filled with canned goods, chainsaw, gasoline, and emergency radio in case he wakes up post-apocalypse?
jim:  nope. baskets have it.
jim:  so as it turns out, unless youre a young child or a prison inmate, you dont need anyone supervising you. people just come in and do their work on their schedule. imagine that – people like us allowed to sell paper. unsupervised.  and yet, somehow it works. it must be because the stakes are so high.
jim:   well, i really appreciate the offer, but im just happy the way things are. okay. thank you.  that was jo, asking me if i wanted to take over as acting manager while they find a replacement. i told her… i dont want to mess this up, right? theres a consensus, people are happy
dwight:   dwight schrute. yes, i would. thank you.  jordan, gather my things from my desk.
jim:  wait
pam:  what have you done
mose [on phone]:  aaaaahhhhh!
pam:  cant stay there all day
jim:  im coming
pam:  do i at least get to go with you in this fantasy
jim:  youd slow me down.
jim:  dwight has been acting manager for three months now. no. a week. just feels like three months. lets see, we all have to punch in to a time clock, which is very old, very strong, and has a slot about the size of a finger.  we were all given new business cards big enough to set us apart from the competition, which is how i learned that our titles are all now junior employee. our lunch breaks are staggered to prevent wasting time. mines at 10:30, and i find that the first hour of the day goes by a lot quicker than the second seven hours
pam:  stop stalling! come on.
all:  i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation
all but oscar:  …under god
all:  …indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
angela:  amen
dwight:  excellent. morning announcements! theres been a problem with some people sharing copier codes. your copier code is a distinct 21-digit number that is unique to you, and you only, okay? dont share it.  jo bennett, our ceo, will be here today for a high-level meeting involving gabe and myself.
erin:  ooh, about what
dwight:  thats on a need-to-know basis
erin:  i thought i needed to know for your calendar
dwight:   general meet-and-greet. so i expect you to be on your best behavior, which means none of you will be insubordinate, nor will you foment insurrection
jim:  question, if we already fomented insurrection, may we be grandfathered in
dwight:  define foment
jim:  you define foment
dwight:   please take note of the new color-coding system.
dwight:   aha
kelly:  oh my god, what is wrong with you
dwight:  gotcha! why are you late
kelly:  its none of your business, actually. its very medical and personal
dwight:  all right. you stop me when i reach the diseased area. 
andy:  in fairness, darryl did tell me that joke, so
erin:  oh! darryls funny.
andy:  i know, right
gabe:  hey, andy
andy:  yeah
gabe:  can i talk to you a second about these client memos
andy:  sure. whats going on?
gabe:  are you still in love with erin
andy:  what
gabe:  because i am. i need to get her back.  i cant be alone anymore. andy, do you like being alone with me right now
andy:  no, this is horrifying.
gabe:  no. i dont like being alone with me either, okay? i have to get her back. are you still gonna date her
andy:  were just friends, okay
gabe:  do you promise that
andy:  yeah, fine, i promise. well never date again. can we go outside now
gabe:  no, just give me a second. i dont want anyone to know ive been crying.
dwight:   hey, hey, hey, hey. what do you think youre doing? whats this? whats the fist
jim:  oh, its just a social club. you know, like the french revolution, or the black panthers, or communism. its just a club. guys talking, you know.
dwight:  you expect me to believe that youre starting a rebellion
jim:  nope. social club. god, i hate when everybody calls us a rebellion.
dwight:  okay, you know what? i would love to join the fist.
jim:  and we would love to have you. but not today. unfortunately, its a bad day, what with operation overthrow and everything, but i have noted it.
kevin:   one…
stanley:  
andy:  pam, i have to show you this video. youre gonna love it. its beyonce falling with a fart mixed in. 
dwight:  i will never be happier than i am right now. i will also never be less happy. i will be at my current maximum happiness for the rest of my life. because i am manager of the scranton branch of dunder mifflin. acting manager.
kevin:   no food now? someone has to do something about dwight
creed:  he put some snacks in the freezer for us
pam:  you mean the frozen mice for the piranha
creed:  no. the blueberry slurpee pouch.
phyllis:  he means the ice pack.
erin:   2:00 should probably be okay. i can either take your number or –
gabe:  im sorry. this cant wait
erin:  hes just gonna call back
gabe:  erin, i am in love with you. i dont believe in much, okay? i dont believe in horoscopes. i dont believe in christmas. uh, uh, i sure as hell dont believe in god. 
erin:   what
gabe:  or maybe theres a god. i dont know. i mean, its just not a guy with a long white beard.  or it could be. i mean, its possible that that is exactly what – what god is. but for all of the disbelief  i believe in us. i believe in love. you have made me believe that for all of the hokum  out… there… uh, do we not have voicemail?
erin:  dwight doesnt trust robots to give us our messages.
gabe:  well… its just…  it messes up my rhythm.
erin:  im taking a break from dating. gabe was a great guy with so many wonderful qualities, but it was a challenge being touched by him.
jim:  wow, youve really embraced the whole bond villain aesthetic.
dwight:  ah, jim, jim, jim. the gun is a beaumont-adams. jo collects them. i thought we could have some nice small talk about it. and the piranhas a rescue.
jim:  and the desk
dwight:  the desk is a replica of uday husseins desk. i saw a picture in newsweek. listen, im a very busy man. lets get right down to business.
jim:  okay.
dwight:  jo is coming later today. i cannot have a subordinate trying to make me look stupid. okay? i need you to promise me that youll be on your best behavior
jim:  i promise…d other people that i would be on my worst behavior. and i gave them my word, so
dwight:  dont make me fire you
jim:  you cant fire me. youre acting manager. not office manager. so you have no firing powers.
dwight:  dont make me pre-fire you
jim:  you wouldnt dare.
dwight:  watch this. youre pre-fired. and when im promoted, youll be full fired.
jim:   if you get promoted, and if you havent fallen in love with me by then
dwight:  what?
jim:  if i had thought that there was a real chance that dwight would be permanent manager, i would have pre-quit. and you might be saying to yourself, “well thats pretty premature to think,” but i always say, its better to be pre-pre-preprepared.
dwight:  how you doing, jordan
jordan:  im good
dwight:  everyone here thinks that youre a joke. they think that you were hired because of your good looks, which wont last long anyway. as your pale skin and severe bone structure imply, youll age swiftly and poorly.
jordan:  why are you telling me this
dwight:  now i want you to find out what people are saying about me, things they dont want me to know abou- ohh… its a holster.
dwight:   yep. yep, yep, yep. lookin good.  ohh…  oh, what a day. what a day.
pam:  dwight, are you carrying a gun
dwight:  the holster was a gift from my great-uncle honk. um, i dont know. i guess hes saying that hes proud of me.
andy:  dwight, guns make me really uncomfortable.
dwight:  the gun is just an accessory to the holster, okay? i cant walk around wearing an empty holster.
pam:  why do you need to wear the holster at all
dwight:  why do you need to keep wearing those booby shirts all the time
angela:  thank you
phyllis:  you could put your cell phone in it instead.
dwight:  uh… hello!
kevin:  you could put a banana in it
dwight:  why would i put a banana in my holster?
kevin:  in case you werent hungry now, but you got hungry later.
pam:  dwight, no gun, okay? dont make us call jo.
dwight:  okay. all right. fine. everyone calm down. someone get me a banana. sorry i freaked you guys out – aah!
erin:  andy
andy:  aah! aah! its so loud!
oscar:  my god. there is a hardwood floor underneath this carpeting. why would they do that?
andy:   eeeeeeee… theres like this crazy ringing going on. i cant – eeeeeee… i cant find perfect c.
meredith:  okay, everyone make a list of whats lost for the insurance. i lost a necklace, a ring, a painting
toby:  hey, what happened?
kelly:  dwight went on a shooting spree, and then he shot andy in the head
dwight:  no, no, no. all we know is that a gun fired. thats all we know! no. thats not true. actually, we heard a loud noise. later, a hole was seen. no one saw the bullet leave the gun.
andy:   somethings definitely wrong
oscar:  ill look on webmd. what are your symptoms
angela:  oh, everybody. oscar found a reason to look on webmd.
oscar:   firewall.
gabe:  i cant reach jo. she must already be on the plane
dwight:  okay, why are you calling jo
andy:  i think i should go the hospital.
erin:  ill go with you
gabe:  no! we really shouldnt be without a receptionist. now more than ever
darryl:  ill take him
andy:  thank you, darryl.
darryl:  whats wrong with you
andy:  its my ear
darryl:  yeah.
andy:  okay, sorry.
toby:   oh, i should get the accident report binder. ive never used the gun violence forms before.
gabe:  im gonna keep trying jo
dwight:  okay, everyone! conference room, right now!
dwight:   yee-haw! whoo-hoo!  howdy, partners! its me, gun-safety dwight! and im the rootin-est–  i cant do this. um, look. obviously, a gun went off under my watch, and im launching a full investigation
stanley:  we all saw you do it
dwight:  really? you did? what hand was i holding the gun in? what did andys tie look like
erin:  navy blue. little red anchors.
dwight:  i have no way of knowing if thats true.
toby:  i am supposed to collect eyewitness accounts. who saw dwight do this?
dwight:  okay, really
toby:  would you consider this a terrorist incident?
ryan:  i felt terrorized.
dwight:  come on.
toby:  oh, theres a whole ‘nother terrorism booklet for that
dwight:  i just really, really think we should handle this internally.
ryan:  dwight, why is it on us to protect you
dwight:  because you guys are my best friends, and i mean that. managing you for this last week has been the greatest honor of my life. and if you ruin this, i will burn this office to the ground. and i mean that figuratively. not literally. because you guys are so… so important… to me. i love you guys. but dont cross me. but youre the best.
andy:  hey.  were back.
dwight:  there he is! our hero!  you look fantastic. how you doing? here, tell us your war stories
andy:  well, i burst my eardrum. doctor said it could take weeks to heal
dwight:  did they say what caused it? because i know you like putting q-tips deep into your ear canal.
andy:  yeah
phyllis:  hows your hearing
andy:  temporary deafness in one ear. it was both ears. i couldnt hear a thing darryl was saying while we were in the waiting room.
darryl:  i was talking like this.  i dont feel good about it, but he just kept calling himself a gunshot victim and it got to me.
kelly:  dwight, i would like tomorrow off so that i can go on my american idol audition.
dwight:  american idol? what? no.
kelly:  okay. i guess i can just not go. do you guys wanna hear my solo
dwight:  no.
kelly:   why did my temporary boss go on a shooting spree
dwight:  okay, fine. you can go on your singing audition.
phyllis:  okay, well, then i want an extra vacation day.
angela:  pet day! i want pet day back – no dogs
kevin:  put back everything in the vending machine except the fruit
dwight:  i put everything back in the vending machine.
kevin:  put everything back in the vending machine except… the fruit.
pam:  you have to get rid of all your weapons. all of them. including killer fish
dwight:  okay
jim:  oh, is it my turn? ooh, im on the spot. i dont know. um… you know what? i think im good
dwight:  thank god
jim:  nope. when jos here, can you work in “shagadelic, baby,” at least three times in a conversation? oh, and when i cough can you do jazz hands
dwight:  whats jazz hands
jim: 
dwight:  fine.
dwight: 
kevin:   what the  is that?  oh, my…
 jo:  hey, all! cornelius, bobo, have at it. nobody let my dogs hump each other. they dont seem to know theyre brothers.
dwight:  hello, jo. welcome. well, shall we begin
jo:  slow yourself down there. just like a man. wants to jump right into it while i still got my socks on. jim halpert – the only man that ever turned me down
jim:  well, i dont know about that. just wasnt for me. but let me assure you, dwight is firing on all cylinders. right
jo:  well, some pretty big shoes to fill. i was sorry to hear about deangelo. he was a good man. tragic.
dwight:   well, what can you do? life.
andy:  we have to clean this up now
erin:  she had so much 
gabe:  hey, guys
erin:  hey
gabe:  hope im not interrupting anything.
andy:  no!
gabe:  hey, andy, did you tell erin about our conversation earlier when you said you would never want to date her again
andy:  uh
gabe:  i just thought that it was so interesting that you promised that
andy:  did i say that earlier? yes, i did. because you, gabe, were crying
gabe:  no, i was not
andy:  and sobbing uncontrollably. yes. uh-huh. you were in hysterics. and my maternal instincts kicked in. is it actually how i feel? yes. or no. that is… between me and my diary.
dwight:  oscar, can you print out last years sale statements
kevin:  hey, dwight, gimme a back massage
dwight:  no, kevin, come on.
kevin:  my back is sore, dwight. massage it.
dwight:  kevin, not now
kevin:  hey, jo
dwight:  okay, okay. shh!
kevin:  no, under the jacket.
dwight:  youre kidding me.  oh god, what am i touching? its moist.
kevin:  i dont feel anything.
dwight:  oh, its so wet
kevin:  push harder, dwight
dwight:  i cant. i cant push harder
kevin:  go a little higher. there you go. nope, higher. higher.
dwight:  okay, hows that?
kevin:  knead it. knead it like a pizza
dwight:  im kneading it
kevin:  dont eat it
jo:  dwight! walk me out. lets talk soon. and stay on top of these people. you gotta admit it – its nice to have a little power, eh? hows it feel?
dwight:  jo… i accidentally fired a gun in the office today.
jo:  what?
dwight:  i am telling you this because i care too much about this job to be blackmailed into doing it poorly. all ive ever wanted was to be manager here. and if you feel that you cannot promote me over this one accident, i understand. but if you think that extortion is worse 
jo:  shooting is worse! are you kidding me? its not even in the same – you shot a gun? what is wrong with you?
dwight:  it was a beaumont-adams, if that helps
jo:  beaumont-adams is a girls gun. that just makes it plain stupid.
dwight:  i take full responsibility
jo:  who else would be responsible
dwight:  pam made me put a banana in my holster
pam:  you shot a gun off 
dwight:  okay. did i make a mistake? yes. do i regret the decision that i made? yes.
jo:  oh, stop asking yourself easy questions so you can look like a genius.
dwight:  got it
jo:  i love you, dwight. but you dont fit this job.
dwight:   jo, please… i will 
jo:  no, child. no. its over. now i gotta find a replacement for my replacement.
jo:  you three are my search committee. youre in charge of finding me my next manager. all righty?
gabe:  yep
jim:  yep
jo:  till then, we need a new acting manager. now, whos got the most experience in this office?
toby:  uh, well, we probably dont want to go just on seniority
jo:  who is it?
jim:  hey, dwight. whats up
dwight:  shut up
jim:  well, you do know that jo was right to take the job away from you, right? theres no debating that. but, i will say… in your one week, every single one of the orders went out on time. and i think that is shagadelic, baby. 
angela:   four, one, seven, one
kevin:  another one?
angela:  seven, two
oscar:  could you turn the volume down on the beeping?
angela:  six, nine, shut up, oscar. eight
darryl:  nine first
angela:  nine, eight, five
kevin:  thank you
angela:  three, zero, zero. again, zero. four, six…
kevin:  nice
angela:  two, one
kevin:  oh, i hit three. i hit three
angela:  god!
