deangelo:  so, coasting time is officially over.big changes are comin, and theyre comin fast.if you dont like em, this is called a door.you can walk right through it.alright.im not here to be your friend.i like my life outside of this place.i live to leave at 5.change number one: darryl.per your request, the company is sending you to business school at night.full ride.deal with it
darryl:  seriously
deangelo:  stone cold seriously.
deangelo:  they are trying to figure me out.and i dont like it.once they figure me out, they start to tell me what i want to hear.and i need to quickly figure out whos a good worker and who is simply a good mind reader.because as soon as im hearing what i want to hear, im not gonna care.
deangelo:  change two, toby, youre gettin a new chair
toby:  thanks
deangelo:  dont thank me!hey, dont thank me, guy!okay?and i dont care if you like it
oscar:  these sound like good ideas, why wouldnt we like them
deangelo:  i dont care what your favorite flavor is.heres a bowl of ice cream.you either like it or you dont. thats my attitude right now in this room, thats my attitude on ice cream thursdays.alright?clear?any questions
kevin:  this all sounds great to me. but i could see how some people might think that theyre bad.i dont know what to think
deangelo:  that is a s–astute observation, kevin.
deangelo:  kevs got me pegged.
deangelo:  it blows away vermont in the fall
darryl:  snap, for real
pam:  good morning, deangelo
deangelo:  hold on
pam:  okay
deangelo:   and if youre really serious, you should go in the spring
pam:  because of the flowers
deangelo:  no.because the entire state smells like earth
pam:  dogwoods, or just the earth
deangelo:  yes, pam
pam:  hey, well, good morning.i think i have good news for you today.i found your new executive assistant.my friend carla.shes got great experience.we even considered making her ceces godmother, but she had this boyfriend at the time– but heres her resume
deangelo:  put it with the rest
pam:  okay.
deangelo:   hey dudes
jim:  hey
andy:  hey
pam:  oh my god, he hates me
jim:  no he doesnt.you just get so nervous and hyper around him
pam:  i know
jim:  every time theres a silence, your brains like “heh-heh-huh-huh” 
pam:  is that what he tells you at your little inner circle meetings
jim:  careful.there is no inner circle.
andy:  oh, theres an inner circle.oh yeah.
jim:  there is no inner circle.deangelo just prefers to delegate a few things, to a few guys.
kevin:  jim only says that because hes in the inner circle.i also say that because i am also in the inner circle.did you get that, ma?your boy, kevin malone, is in the inner circle! which doesnt exist.
deangelo:   there he is!got ya coffee
dwight:  oh, wow, thank you.that was so kind of you
deangelo:  not a coffee guy, i take it
dwight:  its just that i own the coffee shop.so, once youve seen sausage being made, all you want to do is make sausage, because its so much fun
deangelo:  listen.ive got a sixer.“automatic for the people” on the jukebox.lets hit the park after sundown.come on!pick up some sausage if you want
dwight:  i think youll find what youre looking for  over there.
deangelo:  no matter how many times i reach out to dwight, he doesnt seem to want anything to do with me.it reminds me of my relationship with my son.except there, im the dwight.
deangelo:  whos the biggest client in the state?i say we go get em, whatever it takes.huh?what do you guys say
kevin:  yes
deangelo:  right!or my other idea, 50,000 tiny clients
kevin:  yeah, i say we just go for it!
deangelo:   is that ball lighter than usual?is that a chinatown knockoff
jim:  thats toys r us, i think
deangelo:  no, thats definitely a knockoff.you can feel the center of gravitys off.feel that.what do you think
gabe:   oh, yeah, totally.jim, you got ripped off big time
deangelo:   deangelo! see what i did there?thats what you need to do. its that little english.the british are coming
kevin:  yes
deangelo:  deangelos open!
deangelo:  hey ry.your departments killing it, baby.
ryan:  hey hey, my pleasure, my treasure
deangelo:  keep it up.
ryan:  the problem with having “it” or “the x-factor” or whatever it is you want to call it, is that its impossible to put into words what youre bringing to the table.so to make things simpler for deangelo, i just, without lying, strongly implied that im kellys supervisor.its not even that much of a stretch.she pretty much does whatever i say.
kelly:  what
ryan:  im sorry, im sorry, im sorry
kelly:  why should i pretend that you are my boss
ryan:  because what would you have done in that situation, kelly?ill tell you what i would have done for you.id lie for you
kelly:  yeah, but you lie all the time.you lie for no reason.ryan, you just like to lie
ryan:  id die for you too
kelly:  you really would
ryan:   hey, kelly kapoor, if i dont have those call logs on my desk, were just gonna have to evaluate your future at the company
kelly:  sure thing, mr. howard
deangelo:  woo.glad hes not my boss
ryan:  youre the best.thank you.
deangelo:  you know i have a cousin who cracked the secret formula for a certain popular cola that i shall not name.so ive never had to buy it.true story.i just drink my cousins
dwight:  congratulations on your one cousin.i have seventy.each one better than the last
deangelo:  you know what… straight up, why dont you like me
dwight:  im just not a suck-up like everyone else around here.okay?i do my job well, so why dont you just leave me alone and let me do it.okay
deangelo:  ohhhh no
dwight:  what
deangelo:  okay?im gonna win you over
dwight:  no youre not
deangelo:  yes i am
dwight:  no
deangelo:  oh yes
dwight:  no
deangelo:  yes
dwight:  no
deangelo:  yes
dwight:  no
deangelo:  yes
dwight:  no
deangelo:  yes
dwight:  no
deangelo:  yes.yes-yes-yes-yes-yes  yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes!
jim:   uh oh, this former administrative assistant misspelled “administrative” and “assistant.
darryl:  the winner: under “special skills,” mr. don feiner put “juggling.”
deangelo:  whats wrong with juggling, darryl?im a big juggler.i actually perform a motivational juggling routine
jim:  seriously
deangelo:  oh yeah.id do it for you here, but uh, what would you say this room is, 300 square feet?320
gabe:  320.just freeballin it
deangelo:  its a little cramped.how many square feet out there?17, 18 hundo
kevin:  oh, i think its 18 hundo
gabe:  give or take. 
deangelo:  sorry gang.thought my juggling stuff was in the trunk of my car.its not
pam:  oh no, do you think it was stolen
andy:  i gotcha covered, boss.used to play with the parabolas myself. got some extra balls!hey-hey-hey-ho
deangelo:  sorry, i never touch another jugglers instruments.you know, were all here, ive got the music cued, why dont i just do my routine without the juggling balls?  prepare… to go into the danger zone
pam:  oh wow, you werent kidding
deangelo:  no.never.can someone please throw me a fifth ball?if you dare!incoming!and were on!remember, nothings impossible!phyllis, wheres phyllis
phyllis:   here
deangelo:  do you believe in me, phyllis
phyllis:  yeah
deangelo:  because i believe in you
phyllis:  okay.
deangelo:  feel that connection?dont move your head.please.thank you.oh!big hand for phyllis!that took a lot of guts!ho!im deangelo vickers, thank you so much, hope you learned something
kevin:  didnt drop a single ball!
pam:   look.im juggling eggs and bowling balls.im juggling with one hand.no hands
jim:  what could he possibly stand to gain from a fake juggling routine
pam:  what could he possibly stand to gain from a real juggling routine?how can you keep defending him
jim:  hes good at his job.and i like working for him
angela:  of course you do, jim.youre a man.deangelo is a huge sexist
andy:  whoa, whoa, whoa.i think if he was sexist, id be able to tell.i took a crapload of womens studies courses at cornell.and i wrote my own companion piece to the “vagina monologues” called the “penis apologies.”so i know a thing or two
angela:  okay.then how about im the head of the accounting department, but he only ever talks to kevin?what about pam and kelly?also department heads.but has he ever met with you or even asked you to do anything
andy:  how could i not see it?youre so right
pam:   why dont you talk to him about it
jim:  and say what?“hey deangelo, are you shy or just a sexist?
pam:  why dont you just tell him how his actions are being perceived by the women in this office
jim:  mmm-hmm
andy:  and if he doesnt listen, then he can kiss his penis goodbye.snip snip.am i right, girls?
jim:  hey, you got a second
deangelo:  yeah, i got tons of time.this jobs a joke.
deangelo:  so whats up
jim:  umm, really, its nothing, i was just talking to angela, and she was 
darryl:   hey, saw jim come in.we meeting
deangelo:  yeah sure.lets make it a meeting.
jim:  if its alright, can i just have like one minute alone, just to go over 
deangelo:  whats the big secret?why are you even whispering?come on, its the guys
jim:  i know. just the guys.well, maybe thats, uh, part of the problem.i think…so what happened was, i was talking with some of the department heads.uh, some of the female department heads
deangelo:  uh-oh.right
kevin:  hot
jim:  maybe theres a vibe out there, with certain members of the office, that you are…a little sexist, or 
darryl:  damn
jim:  whoa.whoa.wait
deangelo:  are you serious?who feels this way
jim:  oh.like nobody
gabe:  umm, pam
jim:  it was 
gabe:  was it pam
kevin:  that sounds like pam.you know how she gets.deangelo, she can get really bitchy. kevin
deangelo:  guys.hold on.doesnt matter who, okay?im just happy that jim brought it to my attention because honestly, i had – i had no idea
jim:  thats awesome
deangelo:  thank you.
kelly:   mom, ryans taking us out to dinner tonight.no, no, hes not going to stand us up like he did last time.he wont ever stand us up again.
ryan:   so i am the new customer service supervisor
kelly:  when deangelos around
ryan:  and i am also a very dutiful boyfriend when 
kelly:  all the time
ryan:  all the time.
deangelo:  erin, do you mind running down to the lobby and bringing up my brand new executive assistant
erin:  absolutely
jim:  hey, whod you end up hiring
deangelo:  oh, im glad you asked, jim.because apparently theres a rumor running around here that i am a sexist.i cant work here effectively if you guys think im something that i am not.i am not a sexist.raise your hand if you have a vagina. raise your hand if someone you love has a vagina. yeah, yeah.okay.just about everyone.what about deangelos hand?oh wow.hes got em both up.yeah.uh huh. yeah, so it bothers me when i hear that theres gossip around here that i treat women lesser than men.okay?frankly, we all look a little ridiculous when that happens
phyllis:  im not a feminist, but i think that the men in this office are being given chances that the women arent
deangelo:  dwight, whats your take
dwight:  whats the argument here?nba, wnba.one is a sport, one is a joke.i love sports, i love jokes.room for all
deangelo:  man, youre smart.oh, hey!hi!hello.welcome.uh, everyone, id like you to please welcome jordan garfield.this is everyone
jordan:  hello
pam:  so, jordan, uh, where did you work before?uh, a law office
jordan:  no, anthropology.we dont have this in that size, pretty lame
kelly:  lame?you worked at anthropology
jordan:  yeah
kelly:  thats like my dream job.how did you even get that job
jordan:  well, i umm 
kelly:  you chose this job over that job
ryan:  okay, okay, back to work, kelly, we have a lot to get done today
pam:  so, umm, is this your first office job then
jordan:  yeah
deangelo:  yup
pam:  wow
deangelo:  no corporate experience whatsoever.i didnt want anyone with any bad habits.
kevin:   jim, you coming
jim:  oh yeah, did he text us
kevin:  yeah.
dwight:   no
pam:  jim, what are you doing?get in there.this is not the time to take a stand.at least he likes one of us
jim:  he didnt text me
andy:  yes!im in
angela:  andy, what are you doing
andy:  im going in, into the belly of the beast.gonna infiltrate and change from within.whats up, mancave!
pam:   just go in.just go in, he probably forgot to text you.
deangelo:  internally, for office use  where do we get our paper from?do we go 
jim:   dont worry, the first days always the hardest
deangelo:   hey jim
jim:  yeah
deangelo:  can i help you
jim:  nope.just…  okay. 
dwight:  so, he kicked you out of the inner circle, huh
jim:  well, there is no inner…circle.
jordan:  dwight?deangelo wanted me to ask you if theres anything i can help you with
dwight:  really?anything
jordan:  do you need anything
dwight:  deangelo, tell your whore to leave me alone.
andy:  okay, i do not want to waste your time, so i will keep this br-r-r-r-r-r-ief.now, word on the street is, mercy hospital, back on the market.deangelo would like you to put together a sales pitch for next week.deangelo has also recently learned about the barnacle project.which is a non-profit organization based in mystic, connecticut that assists in the scraping of barnacles —
jim:  so this is my life.until i win the lottery .or pam finally writes that series of young adult books.
pam:  so one afternoon, while walking home from school, quirky 10th grader becky walters finds a wounded pegasus in the woods.and she becomes…the horse flyer.
ryan:  hey!kelly, thats the last time im gonna talk to you about your paycheck!okay?we pay you a fair salary here, and if youre only here for the money, maybe you shouldnt be here at all
deangelo:  no one likes a money grubber
kelly:  im sorry, mr. howard, i apologize for grubbing for money.i cant do this.i cant do this.im sorry.i just cant do it.deangelo, ryan is not my boss.okay?frankly, he hasnt had a real job here in years
deangelo:  ohh
ryan:  oh, thats hilarious, kelly
kelly:  no, hes just a big fraud, deangelo.hes like rango.he doesnt work here, basically.just like the way rango didnt save those animals.it was just a big misunderstanding
deangelo:  is this true, ryan
ryan:  i did not see rango
deangelo:  okay, i dont have time for this he said-she said
kelly:  hes not saying anything
deangelo:  its too murky.i like ryan.you seem kind of hysterical to me.ryans your supervisor.lets just leave it that way
kelly:  thats not fair, i mean, ive been working here for such a long ti–
ryan:   oh, close call!okay, why dont you just finish this up and leave it on my desk and i will see you at your place around 2 am.
pam:   hey!it sounds like you guys are having a lot of fun, but its really loud, and some of us are trying to work, so do you think you could do it a little more quietly
gabe:  well, thats gonna be tough, because were getting a dunking clinic from magic jordan himself
deangelo:   oh, you mean michael jordan
gabe:   total brain burp
deangelo:  im no mj.i can do his dunk.from the free throw line
kevin:  whoa
darryl:  daaamn!mad respect for my brotha!
darryl:  the man is paying me to take chinese.i will say what i need to say, and soon, i will say it in chinese.
pam:  okay, well its just really loud
deangelo:  okay.well keep that in mind.alright, ladies, back to the game
darryl:  do it
deangelo:  jim!come on in
pam:  youre back in
jim:  you know what?instead of a game, why dont we do an exhibition?id love to see that dunk of yours
deangelo:  yeah, well set that up one day
jim:  today.now, maybe.‘cause we have a hoop downstairs and a real ball, so you dont have to mime it
deangelo:  yeah, i dont know
jim:  why not
deangelo:  only because no one has called nasa to request a liftoff.  lets go downstairs!okay?lets do it
dwight:  pass.if i wanted to see a pissing contest, id lock mose in the chicken coop
deangelo:  damn it, dwight!enough!get your ass downstairs or find a new place to sell paper! 
dwight:  okay, a little about me.i respond to strong leadership.
jim:  alright, there you go
deangelo:  seems a little close, you sure thats the real foul line
jim:  15 feet from the baseline, so, you need me to move it in
deangelo:  nah, thats 15.yeah
jim:  okay
deangelo:  and uh, you know what, to make it interesting, jordan, why dont you sit underneath the basket
jordan:  seriously
deangelo:  yeah, come on.ill dunk over you.best seat in the house
jordan:  i dont, i dont think i can do that.im holding your jewelry
deangelo:  right.yeah.okay, fair enough.kevin, you do it
kevin:  yes!okay.
deangelo:  someone want to sit in kevins lap?angela
angela:  no
deangelo:  oscar
oscar:  no thank you
deangelo:  okay, jimmy, this is for you.show you that anything is possible
jim:  fantastic
deangelo:  alright
jim:  yup
deangelo:  this is also for the troops.doctor is in!  ahhhh! 
jim:   now what?
erin:   deangelo
deangelo:   tablab
jim:  oh my god, are you alright?erin, will you call 911 please
erin:  who should i say is calling
jim:  erin
deangelo:   says to bartender droswip.droswip
gabe:  droswip, yeah.i get it.okay, were gonna get you to the restroom.
