michael:   well, im moving to colorado to start my new life with holly. just up here, getting used to the altitude
dwight:   michael
michael:  yes
dwight:  ive got a treat for you
michael:  ahh, thank you. like a butler
dwight:  colorado specialty, rocky mountain oysters
michael:   oh, these do not taste like oysters
dwight:   thats because theyre not oysters, theyre bull testicles! i cut them off fresh this morning!  hah
michael:  sick freak! what is wrong with you
dwight:  what is wrong with you? im the sick freak? after what you did? you expect to be buttled? you didnt recommend me?
michael:  i dont own dunder mifflin, okay?  the job was not mine to give.  look, i need your advice on something. i am told that there are bears in the rockies
dwight:  where did you hear that? obvious xm radio
michael:  well, i was just thinking that maybe i should keep a salami in my pocket
dwight:  great idea
michael:  …in order to feed the bears
dwight:  especially if you think that life would be better without legs
michael:  how do you mean
dwight:  black bears can smell a salami at five miles michael, what are you thinking?! and they run faster than a horse, so if you were thinking about outrunning one on a horse i would try a cheetah. you, in tight pants, michael, are a salami to a black bear. do you understand?  youre like a giant walking salami
michael:  okay, so no salami in the pants. how about a pepperoni
dwight:  any kind of meat that you can possibly name
michael:  okay.
deangelo:   youre not gonna take all these toys are you
michael:  hm
deangelo:  i mean you dont have a job lined up, so its not like you have a desk to put em on
michael:  well i have interviews
deangelo:  thats nice.  how bout that truck? can i have this little truck? i was thinking i might… glue a stapler on top. or put a hole here, stick pens in it.  you okay
michael:  yes. yes, you know what? take my favorite truck. sure
deangelo:  you know what? uh, its your last couple days, im gonna get out of your hair
michael:  oh you dont, thats
deangelo:  i will be in the break room
michael:  that sounds good. thank you.
deangelo:  dead man walking.
michael:  sad? no, no, no. i dont leave til tomorrow, so… tomorrow i will be a wreck.
gabe:   stay away from erin!
andy:  hey
gabe:  im your boss
andy:  why dont you, uh, stay away from me
gabe:  no, im gonna stand where i want. okay? you dont wanna get on my bad side! ive seen some horrible things! i own over two hundred horror movies
andy:  okay! thats so weird! just go away
gabe:  no! you go away!
andy:   hi tuna.
jim:  so you guys are filming people when they go to the bathroom now?
phyllis:   how about cupcakes
angela:  please
pam:  whats wrong with cupcakes
angela:  everything
michael:   there they are! party planning committee together again
pam:  well we all wanted to plan your goodbye party. we thought this would be easier.
pam:  we thought
angela:  its an experiment
phyllis:  the three of us have all been chairmen before
pam:  so this is the dream team
meredith:   hey! what are you saying?
angela:  the dream team… and meredith.
meredith:   we decided on the ice cream. mint chocolate chip, your favorite
michael:  mmm
phyllis:  yeah that was a surprise
michael:  you know what, im thinking maybe we should get ice cream that everybodyll like. how about vanilla? lets get vanilla
pam:   okay
michael: tomorrow i want everyone to have a good time. no drama. and as for today, just a typical day. alright
pam:  should we get toppings
michael:  what do you like pam
pam:   what
michael:  what kind of toppings would you like
pam:  hot fudge
michael:  sounds good. fudge it up! 
michael:   i bought this for myself. and yesterday, they gave me this.  i still need something to drink out of though.
michael:   attention everyone, before i leave tomorrow i would like to reveal a secret i have kept for over twenty years. a secret about phyllis
phyllis:  please michael
michael:  when phyllis was in high school, she was so… cute.  and she still is.
phyllis:  i thought he knew about the baby i gave away.
phyllis:   look michael, its a going away present so your hands wont get cold
michael:  ahh
phyllis:  its almost done, but you cant get them wet, and they cant be dry-cleaned either. you have to hand wash without water, wring-dry gently, and use a hairdryer on cool
michael:   sounds great, i just think its great. oh, i have gifts as well!  and i will start, by giving the first gift to phyllis! phyllis, you are shy and sweet, and you dont often speak your mind, but you should. because you have great ideas. so phyllis, i am giving you this, so you can always remember to speak your mind.
phyllis:  its cute.
michael:  stanley, you love your sudoku and your puzzles, i bestow upon you, my felt.  may you never lose the fun loving quality in life
stanley:  wheres the rest of it, its got no balls
michael:  well, okay… and andy, andy who needs confidencethat he is a great salesman. i give you, my clients, our ten most important accounts.
andy:  wow
stanley:   yeah wow
andy:  you know im the worst salesman here right
michael:  but youre the best salesman, on the inside
phyllis:  what does that even mean
michael:  you sold us all on andy, a product that nobody wanted
andy:  im gonna lose em
michael:  youre not gonna lose them
andy:  i promise you that i will
michael:  just do your best! i have faith in you
stanley:   gimme those clients
andy:  no
phyllis:   do you believe that?!
dwight:  ive given up expecting michael to do the right thing. or the decent thing. or even the comprehensible thing.
deangelo:  i used to be obese. once youve conquered obesity, everything else is easy. life literally moves in slow motion. im not saying im superman, but, let me just put it this way. if i were shot in the head, im pretty sure everything would be fine. i almost welcome it. 
michael:  kevin, i have something for you
kevin:  oh!
michael:  you know who that is
kevin:  oh
michael:   dont be a caricature kevin, never be a caricature. how did that feel when i tore that up
kevin:  better
michael:  good, stand up.  you will be thin. you wont drool over pizza like an animal anymore
kevin:  but
michael:  you will find love
kevin:  michael, im pretty much okay with who i am now
michael:  dont be. you should never settle for who you are.  oscar, oscar, oscar! oscar, you are
andy:  i just lost porter hardware! i just, i lost em
michael:   okay, you know what? just do your best buddy! okay, oscar, you are very smart, and you have a gigantic education. and, i think of you as my scarecrow, because you gave me a brain. so thats why i made you this.
oscar:  thank you michael. its beautiful.
michael:   it looks like a  it looks like it was made by a two year old monkey on a farm! he just accepted, accepted that i put all this work into it!  he has the lowest opinion of me, of anybody!
michael:  was it just me, or did you think that we were going to have sex at some point
angela:  it was just you
michael:  how would you have wanted to do it? okay, okay. you know what? inappropriate. i am engaged happily, and you have landed yourself a senator
oscar:  state senator
michael:  mmhmm, bravo
oscar:  brava
angela:  you wanna see some pictures? i just got these
michael:  sure
angela:  uhm, these are, okay this is us at the theater. and antiquing! oh, rollerblading
michael:  whos that? whos that guy?
angela:  oh, thats thomas, roberts aide
michael:  i guess this could be the one, huh
angela:  yeah. 
andy:   hey
deangelo:   hey
andy:  im going to be dropping out on one of our biggest clients this afternoon and i could use some back up
deangelo:  lets rip it up homes. 
gabe:   walk away bitch.
oscar:   oh michael! where do you want your last pay check sent
michael:  my last pay check
oscar:  you have an address yet in colorado
michael:  no
oscar:  what town do hollys parents live in
michael:  im not sure, um, mountainton
kevin:  sounds beautiful!
pam:   you should do more stuff like that
kevin:  im going to
jim:   hey! its almost your last day, come sit with us
michael:  nah, im almost done
jim:  you sure
michael:  yeah
pam:  so im going to carbondale this afternoon to get a new bulk shredder
kevin:  finally! that old shredder sucked
pam:  its a good shredder, it just keeps breaking
kevin:  yeah, it wont shred magazines
pam:  its not supposed to shred magazines kevin
kevin:  i know
jim:  did you break the shredder kevin
kevin:  no, its just… that old shredder sucks.  just get one thatll shred magazines
pam:  i dont think any of them are supposed to shred magazines.
michael:   i cant do this. all the channels are gonna be different there. im not gonna be able to find my shows. im not going to start improv at level one, and i dont think my credits will transfer. ugh, and you know what? i just figured out where i was supposed to go to vote.  i gotta call her, and im going to tell her, that i cannot come.
holly:   hello there
michael:  hi. what is the name of our town
holly:  boulder. is something wrong? are you okay
michael:  no, no. i just needed to hear your voice
holly:   oh you mean this
michael:   yes.  yes my hero
holly:   ill pay the rent!  okay, my moms looking at me and she has no sense of humor. its a joke mom
michael:   ohh, i miss you
holly:  well ill see you tonight. ill pick you up outside baggage claim
michael:  okay. ill see you tonight. i love you
holly:  i love you too
michael:   yes, so i know i told everybody that tomorrow is my last day, but im, im gonna be leaving tonight. i head to the airport at four.  and i have said goodbye to half of them.
toby:  well you know michael, i have a brother in boulder. rory flenderson. you should look him up
michael:   okay
toby:   okay
michael:   kelly! kelly? kelly
kelly:   what?
michael:  if i just went away right now, would that be the best gift that i could give you
kelly:  yes! please! please go away! and stop using that weird slow voice.
michael:   she was once my girl, and she is your girl now
ryan:  wow.
michael:  yeah
ryan:  this is… totally unnecessary
michael:  youre not prone to seizures
ryan:  no.
pam:   so michael said we can do whatever we want cake-wise. what do we want
meredith:   erotic
angela:  see? this is what happens. you cant let a stray dog into the house
phyllis:  hmm, lets hear here out. i would like to hear more about these cakes.
meredith:  i know these ethiopians that run a cake shop
angela:  good god
meredith:  they make these cakes, theyre wild! i mean, they show everything
pam:  i dont, i dont think we sh
meredith:  i know what youre thinking, but its not just black, they do it all. and the women on these cakes, theyre not just guys fantasies. they have real, full women. it is refreshing
pam:   okay, dont turn this into some feminist issue
phyllis:  as a person who buys a lot of erotic cakes, it feels good to be represented on one
pam:  you know what, i think we should get some other input
kelly:  i think we should do cupcakes. i am one of the few people who looks hot eating a cupcake
phyllis:  yeah, cupcakes. thats what i said
angela:  no! im not cleaning up a bunch of uneaten cupcake bottoms! you know, we dont really care about your opinion. youre just a tie-breaker.
michael:   um, pam
pam:  oh, hey michael! im just going to go to carbondale to price some shredders. ill see you later
michael:   okay… 
erin:   gabe
gabe:  i need to talk to you
erin:  you cant be in here. this is a ladys room
abe:  erin, i respect your privacy, but i will follow you in here everytime you go if thats what it takes.
erin:  hey creed
creed:  not cool man.
erin:  i really think you should leave
gabe:  someday, you are going to tell our grandchildren about how their grandfather won you back in a womens room
erin:  can we talk about this later, i have to go
gabe:  just read the letter under your windshield wiper, it explains everything. quick one.
erin:  gabe
gabe:  okay… 
toby:   heres the thing rory, i knew you guys would hit it off in an odd way
rory:  i can bring him a welcome basket. ill surprise him
toby:  do- well you should give him a little time to settle in. but
rory:  does he like jams? my shelves are over flowing with preserves
toby:  well, no. he hates jams.
michael:   darryl
darryl:  hey
michael:  i would like to give you, the only copy, of somehow i manage.  unfinished. if theres anyone here who can finish it, its you
darryl:  thats sweet mike. lets see here. theres a chapter, called gum. with one sentence. everybody likes the guy who offers him a stick of gum
michael:  mmmhmmm. its true. darryl, i have one last wish. i would like to use the bailer
darryl:  no. cant let you do that mike
michael:  no problem. worth a try.
michael:   darryl said i could use the bailer because im leaving
warehouse guy:  no
michael:   alright guys, well… see ya later warehouse. catch you on the flippity flip. 
deangelo:   okay, so whats our approach? you a veteran? do i have a month to live? you gonna get married tomorrow? what?  hmm
andy:  i thought wed just talk about our customer service and exceptional paper quality
deangelo:  thats stupid.
andy:   what do i know
deangelo:   what do you know? we gotta get psyched up! okay? guy? lets get psyched! is there an animal shelter on the way
andy:   yeah
deangelo:  awesome! ani ani shelto! here we come. do you know how to high-five
andy:  yeah
deangelo:  ‘cause if you do nows the time
andy:   alright
deangelo:  not while im driving.
michael:   catch you guys-  catch you guys on the filippity flip.  flippity flip!  flippity flip!  really?  okay, see ya guys! 
deangelo:   you know how i met jo bennett? and got started on my ladder of success
andy:  no. i dont
deangelo:   im walking along, out of work. again. thinking to myself, ‘i only have enough cash to by a sandwich, or get drunk. and i see this guy trying to steal this ladys dog! so i grab the dog. he runs off. shes so grateful, she hires me
andy:  awwhh, wow
deangelo:  gimme that dog! thats not your dog!  yeah! again
andy:  oh, okay
deangelo:  gimme that damn dog you f***ing thief! dont ever do it again!  you hear me?!  you feel that energy
andy:  mmhmmm
deagnelo:  wooo! yeah!   okay, again.
erin:  i know that gabe is young, and hot and everything. and hes begging me to reconsider, but i… i just think im in love with someone else
michael:  kevin
erin:  andy
michael:  ahhhh
erin:  i wish i knew who my birth mother was, so she could just tell me who to choose
michael:  maybe neither
erin:  im not attracted to kevin
michael:  erin, listen to me. you shouldnt rush into this. at all. and you know why? because you are beautiful. and you are fun. and you are smart.  and when the right guy comes along, youll know it. you will.  and you know what? you dont need a mom. because you have my number, and you can call me anytime
erin:   extension 147
michael:  n
erin:  i know
michael:  okay. 
phyllis:   you want the 27-26 or the 27-30
michael:  phyllis. phyllis, are my mittens done
phyllis:  no.  im on a sale
michael:  listen to me. its two p.m. from now until four, your priority is knitting. knit like the wind
phyllis:  okay…
michael:  dwight, i will be leaving tomorrow.
dwight:  yes
michael:  so i wanted to give you that.  its a letter of recommendation. 
dwight:  this is gonna be good.  to whom it may concern.  good, real personal. thanks michael.  the dictionary defines superlative as: of the highest kind, quality, or order, surpassing all else, or others. supreme.  thats great, if i wanted the dictionary definition id buy a dictionary.  i define it as dwight schrute. as a sales executive, as a leader, as a man, and as a friend, he is of the highest kind, quality, and order. supreme.  lots more like that, really repetitive. whats this?  two forty five, behind the building. paintball.  ohhh, yeah.
dwight:  
michael:  
deangelo:   i would just like to start off saying, i have not worked with mr. andy bernard for very long, i can say, is that he is no michael scott. i cant sit here and tell you hes gonna be a success. i cant sit here and tell you that hes even the best man for the job.  but i can say this: hes got potential. sure. you know, i always say: go big, or go home. you go with this guy, you could be making the biggest mistake of your life, or, the biggest, good decision of your life. its either gonna be the best thing you ever did, or the worst thing you ever did. if you want some boring, white bread clock-watcher whos gonna get you your paper when you ordered it, for the agreed upon price,  andys not your guy.  you ever play russian roulette?  time to spin the chamber horse. by signing up for another year. 
jim:   ahh, what happened to you
michael:  you should see the other guy
dwight: 
michael:   jim where is pam
jim:  uhh, shes still pricing the whatevers. the shredders
michael:  but it is already three oclock! 
pam:  
michael:   whether youre scared of dying, or dying alone, or dying drunk in a ditch. dont be. its going to be okay.
michael:  yeah i was tripling up. theres not enough time in the day to have a special moment with everybody.
michael:   and you, why are you still here
gabe:   im either going to quit today, or stay to make sure that andys career is destroyed
michael: no, you are not going to quit today. for goodness sake, this is not going to be your last day in the office. everybody gets dumped gabe. can i give you a piece of advice?  a little cover-up on your adams apple will make it appear smaller, and make you look less like a transvestite. 
deangelo:   that is cold sir! absolutely cold. you know what? it was a complete waste of my time
andy:  uh deangelo, im, uh. i forgot my bag, so ill meet you in the car
deangelo:   okay whatever
andy:   sir, id just like to apologize, for that. i could tell you that he has a steel plate in his head, or that hes crazy, but the truth is i think hes just a terrible salesman. and i want you to know, that if you re-up with us, anything you need, day or night, i will be the one to take your call
client:  keep talking.
deangelo:   yes. okay, alright. no, well thank you! alright, take care.  youll never guess, we did it
andy:   hey!  good job boss
deangelo:  we did it!
michael:   okay, everybody come on. conference room five seconds! lets go! hurry up, lets do this! 
stanley:  yes, what is this about
michael:  what is this meeting about
stanley:  mmhmmm
michael:  okay, here we are in the conference room. once again. and i just wanted to call you all here, together, because i have something important. well theres two things actually. okay first, i would like a whereabouts on pam.  and secondly, phyllis how are those mittens coming? because i would actually like to bring them home and pack them. im leaving for the day at four
phyllis:  theyre almost done but my knuckles are swelling a little and
michael:   well power through the arthritis phyllis you can do it
stanley:  is that it
michael:  umm, hmm
stanley:  is that it
michael:   ummm… hm… no.  no. theres a special guest that i would like to invite to say one last goodbye. so here he comes, hes coming right in.  oh hi everybody, its ping!  and im here to say goodbye to all you wonderful people! thank you everybody! youve been so wonderful!  i ruv you all! i ruv you very much
jim:  hey, can i talk to you for a second
michael:  sure.  be right out
jim:   so ive been meaning to tell ya, i wanna take you out for lunch. for your last day
michael:   ohh
jim:  what do you think? tomorrow? lunch, you and me
michael:   okay
jim:  youre not leaving tomorrow. youre leaving today right
michael:  maybe
jim:  wow, so thats it huh? just, four oclock and you are gone for good
michael:  why am i so sad? am i doing the wrong thing
jim:  absolutely not. its just that sometimes… goodbyes are a bitch
michael:   t-shirt idea, goodbyes stink. okay, alright. so. james halpert.  you started with this company, as a fine young man
jim:  you know what i think we should do? i think we should just save the goodbyes for tomorrow. at lunch
michael:  oh, okay
jim:  and then tomorrow, i can tell you… what a great boss, you turned out to be. the best boss i ever had.
michael:   oh shoot! thats my cab
jim:  alright
michael:  alright
jim:  listen michael, i really… i did text pam, but
michael:  i know, its okay. just, give her a hug. alright
jim:   i will see you, tomorrow at lunch
michael:  i am looking forward to lunch. and hearing about what a great boss i am
jim:   you got it
michael:  okay…  phyllis
phyllis:  oh no, theyre still not done
michael:  no no no, let me see.  oh phyllis, nice try. i love em. 
creed:   see ya tomorrow boss
michael:  later guys. 
michael:  got almost everybody. so… hollys my family now.  shes my family. the babies that i make with her, will be my children. the people that you work with, are just… when you get down to it… your very best friends. they say, on your deathbed, you never wish you spent more time at the office. but i will. gotta be a lot better than a deathbed.  i actually dont understand deathbeds. i mean, who would buy that?
michael:   well, i guess this is it. hey will you guys let me know if this ever airs? thank you. alright… oh!  this is gonna feel so good, getting this thing off my chest.  thats what she said! 
pam:   no he wasnt sad. he was full of hope. about colorado, and he was hoping to get an upgrade as an awards member. and he said he was just real excited to get home and see holly.
deangelo:   well if hes not gonna make it at least we should go ahead and eat the cake.  i for one love the corners.  whyd i just do that? its not even that good. i dont even want it. i had cake for lunch.  no, you know what? ive been good. i deserve this.  what am i doing?  come on deangelo!
dwight:   uh oh… 
