creed:  its a beautiful morning at dunder-mifflin, or as i like to call it, great bratton.  keep it running.
creed: do i love being manager?… i love my kids. i love real estate.  i love ceramics. i love my job. i-i love wrestling.
creed:  find out what language this is. 
creed:  okay, team building! on this side of the room, stanley, phyllis, jim, ted, elroy,  and this side of the room, pam, meredith, phyllis, creed…
jim: he never called a meeting.
creed:  bo-boddy! bo-boddy. what does the first “b” stand for
pam: what are we doing
creed: were making acronyms. okay! what does the first “b” stand for
kevin: um… business
creed: i like it! business! good, kevin!  all right! the “o”…
pam: we need a new manager.
jim:  your paper experience is very interesting. do you think you could use that experience to inform decisions here
fred henry: absolutely–i, yes. in fact, i actually have a three-step plan that i believe could effectively double your profits
jim: really
fred: yeah
jim:  …what is it
fred: nice try
toby: im sorry, what is your three-step plan
fred: well, i mean, i cant just hand you my plan. i mean, if you guys give me the job, then, then youll get the plan
gabe: well… its an interview, and we dont know that you really have the plan
fred:  well, im not gonna just make up that i have a plan. i got a plan. believe me, you guys want it. youre in paper, right
gabe: how would we know that, if you dont
jim: you could just be saying it to get the job
fred: i guess i could be, if i was… who would do that
jim: how about this. why dont you give us a part of the plan, and that way we know you have it
fred: tell you what. ill give you part three of part two. not gonna give you a whole part
jim: okay
fred: color-code sent documents, tm
jim: did you just trademark that
toby:  w-what
fred: thats a verbal trademark. thats an agreement.
jim: we are the search committee, hand-picked by our ceo, and tasked to find this branchs new manager. not everyone we meet will be good, but someones bound to be, right?  and, to be honest, i think a lot of the decent candidates are right here in-house, so, im not too worried. but im really excited to spend a lot of time with toby and gabe.  did you know that gabes last name was lewis? i had no idea.
stanley:  good morning
darryl: good morning
phyllis:  good morning
darryl: good morning
phyllis: did you have a nice drive in
darryl: i did.
darryl: i have a solid relationship with jo, the companys owner. i have management experience. i have a good friendship with jim, the head of the search committee, and it doesnt hurt that im…  bla-aaack!
andy: 
erin:  its good. i really hope you get it
andy: the manager job? nah, im barely interested. i just cant not go for it. you know, its not the bernard way. we give it the old college try, and then, in defeat, we show grace
erin: still, id really like to see this office with you in the bosss chair
andy: dont even…  eeehhhh!!!
erin: you in the bosss chair
andy: eeehhh!! no. hehe.
andy: in my family, you dont really go out and get things. if you want something, you write it on a list, and then the housekeeper goes out and gets it, on wednesdays and fridays. so, i dont know, i guess you could say this job is on my list, and…  well see what rosa comes back with.
erin:  did you hear anything
phyllis: oh, im sure theyll let us know when they get the results. 
phyllis: it turns out that erin was born in the basic time and region that i gave away a child
erin: so, phyllis might be my mom. i mean, the chances are tiny, but
phyllis: but, probably not, i mean, it was a big year for babies. porkys had come out
erin: yeah. im sure i was just another porkys baby
phyllis: mm
erin: but why not find out
phyllis:  yeah.
pam:  should you really be so blatant about that
dwight: they wont make me manager, and i wont settle for anything less. ive gone about as far as i can here. thats obvious. time to take my talents elsewhere
pam: are you really going to apply for work at scranton breadworks
dwight: bread is the paper of the food industry. you write your sandwich on it.
warren buffett: can you do any better on salary
jim: unfortunately, that range is set at corporate
warren: what about mileage when i use my car? i mean, gas aint cheap, you know
jim: heh. we think that 25 cents a mile is pretty generous
warren: how about 27? and uh, when i make long-distance calls, will they be monitored or is it on the honor system?
angela:  okay.  how odd, a very unusual phone call from the senators office. the senator wants me to have lunch with him at the botanical gardens
kevin: the botanical gardens, scrantons hidden gem. dont eat any berries you dont recognize.
toby: how will your experience selling refinery equipment translate to our smaller scale here
toby: uh… human resources
robert: you see, i sit across from a man. i see his face. i see his eyes. now, does it matter if he wants a hundred dollars of paper or a hundred million dollars of deep-sea drilling equipment? dont be a fool. he wants respect. he wants love. he wants to be younger. he wants to be attractive. there is no such thing as a product. dont ever think there is. there is only… sex. everything… is sex. you understand that what im telling you is a universal truth,… toby
toby: yes
gabe: okay, i-i am, im almost a little concerned that you might be overqualified for the position.  do you, um, do you think that you are
robert: do i look like someone who would waste my own time
gabe: no.
jim: can you…  you are a man of great confidence. could you speak a little more to that, and, what the role of confidence… would be… in a dialogue with a subordinate
robert: will you be heard? will you have a voice? will i steamroll over you? do you feel heard right now, jim? do you have a voice, right now? you can answer me
jim: yes
robert: that was your choice, not mine. the fallacy is that it is up to the steamroller. it is up to the object… whether it will be flattened or not, and i can tell from the small interaction weve had already, you wont be flattened by anybody. do you agree with me, jim
jim: yes
robert:  yes. you do. 
jim:  he creeps me out.  but, i think he might be a genius.
andy:  good luck, darryl.
darryl:  thank you.
darryl: think about it! what other mammal, besides humans, drinks the milk of another mammal? i mean, you dont see a bear drinking raccoon milk
jim:  oh
darryl: so this is cool. i think we make a good fit.
gabe: oh? uh… we havent started the interview yet. were you–were you joking
darryl: uh…  yes?! i was.  little joke
toby: so, how would you go about settling interpersonal conflicts within the office
darryl: i thought that was your job
toby: well, its one of my strengths, but its the managers job
jim: well, for instance, how did you deal with it when two warehouse guys got into a fight
darryl: ill answer that, jim. i would use it as an opportunity to teach, uh, about actions… and consequences… of actions.
darryl:  whos that
jim:  so i think all we need is a resume, and well be good right
darryl: i… i just thought you knew me
jim: yeah, its no big deal, just something that looks like that.  cool?
darryl: let me…  oh. cool. 
merv bronte:  did, uh, you just interview
robert: ohh, unfortunately, yes
merv: what do you mean
robert: that business cant attract anyone. its awful up there. those people seem like theyre in prison, waiting out life sentences in a… dying industry
merv: place must be horrible. i dont know if i want this job. 
merv:  well, if i get this job offer, and then i know that im gonna take it, and if i take it, i know that im never gonna quit, and then 25 years are gonna go by and… im gonna die here.
dwight: what makes you feel qualified to judge a place after a mere interview?  what are you doing..?  stop trying to figure me out
robert: i just did
dwight: you cant
robert: its done
dwight: no, its not
robert: i know you now, your nature. im done. not worth continuing.
dwight: stop trying to figure me out.  do you even know anything about paper? how its made
robert: i saw an episode of how they make paper on sesame street.
dwight:  get out.
dwight: im gonna prevent inferior men from sullying my place of work with their weak, passionless leadership. do you see my hat? no? thats because i just threw it in the ring.
merv: you guys pay for relocation, though, right
toby: well, why would you need relocation, if you already live in scranton
merv: well, id want to move further away, you know? just… i dont want any chance to run into my co-workers outside the office
jim: can i ask why youre leaving your current job
merv:  im leaving my other job because they were all jerks, really.  you know, all of em. you had your jerk-wads, and your jerk-offs, so, just between the wads and the offs, i just… i had to get outta there.
jim: is this a bad time to be doing this
merv: im having a bad time.
toby: im sorry, if we did something to upset you, im sure it was inadvertent
merv:  wait.
merv: oh, why did i believe that weirdo in the lobby? these are the nicest people i ever met.
angela:  thank you.
pam:  its gorgeous, angela
kelly: yeah, i actually know about nice rings and it is gorgeous
meredith:  wow
angela: its a little flashy. i mean, what am i? naomi judd
meredith: tell us the freaking story
kevin: yeah! tell us a story
angela: okay. he took me to the replica of monets japanese bridge, and then he put this flower behind my ear, which normally, i would hate, cause its so civil rightsy. then he got down on one knee, and he said, will you be a senators wife
pam:  oh-ho-ho! he talked about himself in the third person
angela: yes, pam. not everyone is as informal as you and jim.  oh, hey pam, dude, whatever, wanna marry me?
pam: thats not accurate
angela: then i saw flashes. reporters were there. they always find us. and everyone was crying, even his aide. 
oscar: angelas engaged to a gay man. as a gay man, im horrified. as a friend of angelas, horrified. as a lover of elegant weddings,  im a little excited.  but overall, horrified.
jim: andy? you all set
andy: okay, guys, its time. its pep talk time. tell me what i need to hear
phyllis: are you sure this is a good idea? i hate to see you disappointed
andy:  augh.
erin: i think andy should be the boss. hes just so great. if im being objective, then darryl, of course.
jim: so, andy, what improvements would you make as office manager
andy: for starters, i really think we can streamline communication around here…
gabe: whoa! thats a very heavy accusation to level against toby
andy: i wasnt acc-, accusing
gabe: well, tobys in charge of human resources, that would include communication. i think that tobys done a fine job
andy: right! i really wasnt trying to insult any, anyone
toby: i didnt think you were.
gabe: i have two relationships with andy. i have a personal relationship, and i have a professional relationship. personally, yeah, i think hes a rat, and i think hes responsible for the demise of my relationship with erin. professionally,… he broke up the happiest couple in this office!
gabe: how many windows are there in new york city
andy: what
gabe: critical thinking. common, on-the-spot question asked in an interview
andy: okay. let me think… are you counting car windows
gabe: no… how far away is the sun
andy:  uh, 93 million miles
jim:  is it
andy: yeah! and the diameter of the sun is 870,000 miles, which makes it 109 times wider than the earth, and…  333,000 times heavier than the earth,
gabe: shut up about the sun! shut up about the sun! 
andy:  i am unhappy with the confusing and, at times, confrontational nature of that meeting. i wanted it to go better. i wanted it to go better!!
darryl:  yes, there used to be a paper clip that would pop up and say “looks like you are writing a letter or resume. would you like help? i believe his name was…  clippy.
creed:  first of all, i want to thank you for your years of patronizing our company. ive got some bad news. were going out of business.  saving face.  yep, yep. i understand that. basically everything is falling apart here. pam looks around the office and realizes only she has overheard this]
pam: how is this on me?
pam: hang up.  corporate needs you to find the differences between this picture and this picture.  intel has told us there were at least seven
creed:  okay i already see one, gimme. okay.
pam: theyre the same picture.
kelly: well, i manage my department, and ive been doing that for several years now. and, god, ive learned a lot of life lessons along the way
jim: your departments just you, right
kelly: yes, jim, but i am not easy to manage
gabe: great!  um, can we just…
kelly: what was that
gabe: we just have a lot of serious candidates to get through today, so…
kelly:  am i not a serious candidate
gabe: what do you want me to say? i mean, theres a line of qualified people out there. we have a video cv from england.  are we all just gonna pretend to– okay.  um, what are your weaknesses
kelly: i dont have any, assh***
dwight:  i want an interview.
dwight:  hows the family
jim: good
dwight: good. they good
jim: yeah
dwight: whats your daughters name again? peepee
jim: peepa
dwight: peepa, how is she
jim: great
dwight: great! oh, thats great… we never were very good at small talk, were we, jim
jim: no
dwight: now, listen,
jim: youre not getting an interview, dwight. the whole point of this search committee process is to prevent hiring someone like you ever again
dwight: okay, i know why youre saying that, jim, i really do, but think of it this way. the hand that reaches from the grave to grip your throat  is the strong hand you want on the wheel
jim:  okay. thats vivid
dwight: im going to make you an offer. okay? you even do so little as grant me an interview, i will guarantee you your dream work life. okay? you roll in at 10 a.m. to your own private reserved parking spot, pick up your daily free coffee from dwights caffeine corner, unlimited sex breaks for you and pam
jim: yikes
dwight: erin will eat garbage for your entertainment
jim: well, you know how i like taking bribes.
dwight: ha ha!
jim: unfortunately, jo also took the job away from you because she doesnt trust your judgment. so how would that look for me, if i recommended you
dwight: fine. ill do it without you, but youll regret this
jim: okay
dwight: let me get that for you.
jim: thank you
dwight: okay. 
oscar: pam… i think robert is gay
pam: the senator?  he was married before, and he has a kid
oscar:  so!
pam: and dont say that thing about how lots of gay guys have kids
oscar: i have a very strong suspicion
pam: did you see him at a bathhouse
oscar: what bathhouse
pam: the windowless building by the baskin robbins
oscar:  what
pam: forget it. im never gonna know what goes on there.
oscar: my friend at the scranton blade is totally plugged into these matters
pam: youre in the gay mafia
oscar: youre thinking of another group. much wealthier, much older.  you sound ignorant.
ryan: you guys, um, talking senator
pam: no
oscar: no. why would we be talking about the senator
ryan: ‘cause hes totally gay? 
ryan: um, how do i know that robert is gay? he “liked” my facebook photos at 3 oclock in the morning.
david brent:  name? david brent. occupation? inspirer. status? none of your business. young, free, and single, though. thanks for asking. hear youre looking for a new boss. yeah? someone to tell a bunch of discontented, underencouraged drones what to do every day. is that it? oh. our out-of-touch powers that be? want me to fire them, if they dont see things your way? then i aint that dude. bye-bye, baby, bye-bye. get some other corporate suit to lay down the law. what? youve changed your mind? youre now looking for a leader of men? ipso facto, women too.  when do i start? yeah. 
phyllis: do you know what it took to get bob to notice me? i waited in his office every morning wearing nothing but kitty-cat ears. i did that every day for two weeks. and on the tenth day he walked in, he was naked too, except a dog nose. guess what we did then
erin:  i… i dont think i can do that
phyllis: bestiality. yeah
erin: well, thats not my personality
phyllis: if my daughter were asking me…
erin: yes
phyllis: i would say, if you want someone, if you really want them,… go get them.
erin: i do really want him.
darryl: so, uh… here you go.
jim: great
darryl: hope its all right
jim: im sure its fine
darryl: the guy who was in here earlier, interviewed after me, howd he do
jim: howard cline
darryl: ehh, thats not who im talking about
jim:  oh… deshaun williams
darryl: yes. how did he do
jim: hes an amazing man. hes a rhodes scholar. he invented an app that invents apps. fantastic kisser
darryl: come on man. im being serious. dont joke
jim: darryl! we all know you. your interview is not nearly as important as the other guys. 
nellie bertram: first, ill take down the cubicle walls.
toby: but there arent
nellie: symbol of transparency. thered be no titles. everyone would have the same job. same goes for me. id take your job, but id reject the title
gabe: a little un-specific
nellie: everyone would be known for their accomplishments
jim: thats very interesting. um, i feel like there might be a conflict there, and if a conflict did arise, how would that be dealt with
nellie: ooh? yeah. mm. scratch everything from before. i tell you what id do. go the other way. more cubicles. more division. everyone is somebodys boss, and that person can fire the person below them.  at least once a month, the lowest performing person…  bye bye
gabe: how would you compare, like, an accountant and hr
nellie: well, ill tell you how. shall i? ill tell you how
gabe: okay
nellie: by splitting the difference. just… just, somewhere in the middle
jim: i think thats probably all we need to hear from
nellie: zen office. hmm? thought of that? thats what id do. everyone takes their shoes off, before they come in. okay. thered be no desks. you just sit on the floor.
jim: thats very
nellie: youve got a thai woman, out in the back. sockee! sockee!
gabe: okay, thats not gonna be
nellie: sockee!… is her name. okay? shes administering massage, all right, if you need it. if you dont, whatever, just talk to her! shes a person! either way, 50 minutes of that and you…you are cracking to go. 
oscar: is there a front runner
jim: you know what? they all just sort of blend together after a while
oscar: well, there must be someone who stands out
jim: no, not at all. in fact, im not even taking it seriously. i think at the end of the day, im just gonna pick a name out of the hat
oscar: well
stanley: the hell you will! i worked for the last boss for 15 years. according to my doctor, i dont have another 15 years if i want to keep up the same dietary and sexual lifestyle, which i intend to
ryan:  oh no, stanley… youll live forever
stanley: my next boss will be my last boss. hell be at my funeral. so i would appreciate it if you would take this seriously.
jim: uh
meredith: you pick a crappy boss, youre responsible for my crappy life.
jim: okay, everybody, i was just making a joke. i am taking it seriously, i promise
oscar: are you?
ryan: little advice? take a day off from the whole jim schtick. try caring about something. you might like how it feels… james. 
jo:  gabe, honey! oh, lord. take all this. 
gabe: all right
jo: here. jim! did you hear stern this morning
jim: no, was it good
jo: ohh, robin was good. shes always good. keeps him on his toes. its howards show though.  whose is this? darryl philbin. ohh. very nice to see a familiar face on top. ah… a little long arent we? four pages? is this the same darryl philbin whos had two jobs in ten years at one company
darryl: yes, thanks to you, who promoted me, after we, uh, interfaced
jo: coordinated and implemented receipt storage and delivery of over 2.5 billion units of inventory. 2.5 billion, darryl? 2.5 billion units of what
darryl: paper material, maam
jo: paper material
darryl:  pieces of paper.
dwight:  jo, may i speak to you for a second
jo: or what? you gonna shoot me
dwight: ha ha ha! ha ha ha! ohh, i enjoy laughing at my mistakes, because ive learned so much from them. id like to be interviewed for the position
jo: ill interview you right now
dwight: okay
jo: question 1. ever shot a gun in the office
dwight: its complicated
jo: yeah, but see… its not.
phyllis: i dont think we should tell her. angela went a whole day without telling me i had lettuce in my teeth. screw her
pam: im a woman. i would want to know
meredith: yeah, you gotta know
kevin: okay, but if angela can get a gay man to marry her, maybe i could get a lesbian to marry me? huh? huh? thats hot
oscar: you have met a lesbian in real life, right
phyllis: you know, this is probably is her last chance at a family
pam: she does seem happy
oscar: youre right. youre right. she seems happy. we dont tell her
kevin: we dont tell her
pam: okay.
kelly: excuse me, ms. bennett, may i have a word
jo: okay
kelly: uh,… can it be in private?  dont worry, its not about you.  as minority executive, i think its my responsibility to let you know that gabe is gross. i dont think its professional that he was sleeping with the receptionist, and then when erin dumped him, so that she could be with andy, he became a total crazy stalker psycho
jo: welcome to scranton, jo. land of a thousand problems only you can fix.  oh for gods sake. hes texting me his resume one line at a time. these are costing me ten cents a piece, you jackass! im roaming!
creed:  get me our biggest client on the phone, right this instant.
jordan: who is our biggest client
pam: uh, just put him through to me
jordan:  okay
pam: hello! this is… the client
creed: its creed. fyi, im starting my own paper company, looking to poach some chumps, you in
pam: yes
creed: hehehe, cool. lets keep this on the qt, okay? i uh, i dont want you to be a dead mamma jamma
pam: great
creed: all right, thank you, bye-bye
pam: thank you, bye-bye.
erin:  jo, you have one more candidate. hes a burn victim
jo: huh
erin:  hes all messed up. i can tell him to get lost if you want
jo: no, send him in.  who is this
gabe: i have no idea
jim:  oh, i know this guy.  hello! mr. “soo-ven-yay.” mr. “jacques soo-ven-yay.” nice to meet you. it says here youre french.  so you worked at your last job for 15 years as assistant to the regional manager
dwight:  assistant regional manager
jim: assistant to the regional manager
dwight:  assistant regional manager
jim: what is it
dwight:  assistant regional manager
jim: oh, thats my mistake, sorry about that. the last paper company you worked for burned to the ground? and all because they wouldnt hire a manager who lived and breathed paper? thats a travesty
jo: i want to talk to dwight schrute for a second. i want to ask him a question.  if he isnt here in sixty seconds
dwight: uhh. wait. wait! no. stop! stop. jo…  its me. im dwight
jim:  no. no! wait, but, i mean, youre dwight, and then… hes the…
dwight:  yeah
jim:  ohhhh
gabe: very unprofessional, “jacques.” or, should i say, dwight
jo: lets just say i had hired this jack souvenir. then what
dwight: i would have dressed this way every day, legally changed my name, learned french sign language, shown up, and been the best damn branch manager youd ever seen
jo: all that for this job
dwight: yes
jo: thats f***ing crazy.  get outta here.  what a nutjob.
jim: this guy was good. although, he did keep saying that he needed two weeks off right at the beginning for a trip to the finger lakes. seriously. every five minutes, he was like, “just making sure the finger lakes thing is clear.
jo: okay, its fun to talk about the rejects, but uh, whos got ya excited
jim: finger lakes guy is good. darryl is also very good
jo: whos this fella? went to cornell. whats wrong with him
gabe: how much time do you have? sales ability? none. integrity? see sales ability.
jo: and thats your unbiased opinion
gabe: yes, it is
jo: so its not relevant that he took the receptionist away from you
gabe: oh, jo. jo, im disappointed in you. some people let personal things into the workpl-. is she with him? because i thought that she was
jo: gabe…ugh… you got all close to these people. got involved in their lives. lets get you back to florida. well figure out something for you
gabe: that sounds like a promotion
jo: its not. lets get kelly in here to take his place
jim: um… why kelly
jo: ‘cause gabes tall and weak. shes short and strong. im doing an opposites thing
jim: okay.
jo: howd my girl nellie do
jim: oh, i didnt know you knew her
jo: she didnt mention it
jim: no
jo: integrity move. i like it
jim: you know, she also gave me a reason to think that maybe she wasnt a good fit
jo: well, im not saying you must hire her. if you find someone whos clearly a fit, then fine. just make sure they fit real good. no more manager turnover. dont mess this up, jim. and give dwight an interview. i like a little bit of crazy.
erin:  ahh
oscar: erin, what are you doing
erin: ive been turned into a puppet
oscar: okay.
kevin:  look at the puppet! hi, puppet! who are you
erin: i went to drop off the fedex forms and an evil witch named angela turned me into a puppet
kevin:  yeah. low blow, puppet
erin: and theres only one thing that can change me back into a real girl.
kevin: its good. its just that i wish the puppets would talk more about the alphabet. not for me… but, if any kids are watching… a, b, and so forth. you know,… m-n-l-o, p… f…
erin:  i need the most special thing in the office
dwight: silence
erin: a date with the best salesman… andy bernard!
andy: hey, erin.
erin:  oh
andy:  whered you learn how to puppet like that
erin:  ive done it all my life
andy: listen, im really flattered, but i dont think we should.
andy: erins my best friend in this office, hands down, but… when she asked me out, i just didnt have that feeling, you know?  arent there some things that you really want to like, but you just cant… seem to like it, like, mad men… or football…  lets not forget, erin chose gabe over me. that happened. im not going to apologize for getting over her, okay? im sorry.  i would go for someone whos more… shes great, though.
angela:  stanley, i wont be able to invite everyone to the wedding, because we want to keep it to 350
stanley: ill get over it
angela: i mean, we just have to see how many senators and members of congress want to attend, before we can open it up to regular people. pam, you know how you and jim did your ironic wedding?  do you still have the plans for the dream wedding that you couldnt afford
pam: that was our dream wedding
angela: niagara falls? pregnant? that was your dream? pork medallions?
pam:  i hope… you have a very beautiful wedding, angela
angela: hmm.
jim: all right. name
dwight: dwight schrute
jim: thank you, mr. schnoot.  we will let you know
dwight: you have to interview me
jim: i just did. the answer to that one question told me everything i need to know
dwight: i demand more questions
jim:  all right, guys, good day, a lot of candidates. lets discuss
dwight: okay! if youre not going to interview me, then ill do it
jim: yes
dwight: what will be your first priority? i will have seven first priorities. safety, profits, fostering a community of self-reliance and entrepreneurship, listening, respect for human life, bolstering our public image, and…  getting everyone home on time. dwight, let me be frank. in an accident that no one can blame you for, an antique gun was discharged while you were acting manager. how are we ever to trust you again?  thats a great question.  i am going to institute a strict no-firearms policy for this office that extends to myself as well. wow. all of my concerns are disappearing
jim: thank you, dwight
dwight: thank you.  youll be hearing from us shortly, mr. schrute, and i think youre gonna like the call youre going to receive.  oh, come on. im just happy that i got this meeting.
jim: well, that was quick
kelly:  very, very interesting. and you know what? im impressed
jim: hes not a real candidate
kelly: i dont know, jim, cause, makes me think about something my grandfather used to say, which is that, sometimes, the hand that jumps out of the grave and grabs you around the throat; that is the hand that you want on the wheel
jim: you took the deal
kelly: yeah, it was a great deal
jim: thats not okay
kelly: i dont know. dwight seems like a great leader to me, and i look forward to the personal perks that he promised me privately. what do you think, toby
toby: well, we could try him out for a little while…  and if it doesnt work out, you know, maybe one of us could, you know, step in
jim: what is happening right now?
phyllis: is it true that youre making dwight the manager
jim: no, why would you think that
phyllis: he and kelly said, then they pre-fired me
jim: okay.  okay, guys, just so you all know, no decision has been made, and dwight is definitely not the boss
kelly: that is correct. actually, dwight is not the manager yet
jim: no, no, no. not ever, cause thats not gonna happen
dwight: well, its not entirely up to you, is it? seems to me like someones getting a little power-mad
jim: am i the only one who remembers what he did when he was in charge? i feel like im going a little bit crazy
andy: tuna… youre completely sane
jim: thank you
andy: who do you like for the job? is there anyone who maybe was a little underwhelming at first, but now seems like a safe, if not slightly unexciting, choice
jim: okay, seems like everybody has an opinion. so, who else? anybody
kevin: do you mean it? anybody? are you sure
jim:  i suppose i am
kevin: okay… well what do ‘i want in a manager?… let me see.  what do ‘i want?
oscar: i dont think he meant, that
kevin: so now anyone gets to talk at any times
oscar: go ahead
kevin: what do ‘i want?… im looking for someone… who…  everyone is listening to me.
oscar: can i say…
jim: yes
oscar: i think it should be darryl
jim: okay
dwight: what a surprise! minorities sticking together
oscar: kellys on your side
kelly: im sorry, is that all you think of me? a minority? i am so much more than that. i am a dancer, im a singer, im a fashion designer
andy: whoever it is, i think they should be lame.  kind a a non-threatening, moderate personality
ryan: i want an outsider
jim: perfect. there are several outside candidates that we think would be really
ryan: no, i mean an outsider. like someone on the margins of society, who doesnt see things the way we do, like a homeless person
pam: a homeless person. really? a homeless person
ryan: no, youre right, pam, lets just leave him to the welfare system and let that handle it
pam: no, i want you to say that you think the ‘best person to be our new manager is a homeless person
ryan: let me guess who you want, pam. rachael ray? the ladies of the view?
ryan: i got away with… everything, under the last boss, and it wasnt good for me, at all. so, i want guidance. i want leadership. but dont just, like, boss me around, you know? like, lead me. lead me… when im in the mood… to be led.
meredith: i just want, for once, a smart, professional, decisive, well-hung man in his forties
jim: hey! hey! hey
meredith: okay, fine. uhh, the guy with a tiny penis. are you happy?  lets hire that guy!
andy: she may have a point there… would a small penis work? small-to-moderate
gabe:  gotta catch a plane
pam: ohh, hey gabe, im sorry, we… we didnt get you a cake or anything. were gonna miss you
gabe: oh, well im still the corporate liaison to the branch
kelly: you are not leaving without giving me a hug.  ughh
gabe: okay, you know what, you dont need to make that sound
kelly: im sorry! you were just a lot bonier than i thought you were gonna be
gabe: there are plenty of people who love touching me.  im a terrific hugger. ive been with a bunch of girls where thats basically all they want to do. i will see you all soon
kevin: later, man
all:  good luck! goodbye! good luck at your new job.
ryan: take care, man
dwight: were gonna miss you, gabe.
andy:  uh, listen up. listen up, ladies. i want the job. there, i said it. im educated. im capable. i like all of you… and i wont make any changes
erin: i see it.  i see it like i see a mountain that im standing in front of  and facing, and im like
phyllis: yeah.  yeah, andy would be wonderful as boss. erin made a good point. 
phyllis: no, were not related. i got the call. but… ill tell her some other day. 
jim: what about darryl? we can all agree that hes a stand-up guy, right
angela: well, let me be clear. i only speak for myself, and not myself and the senator. i think we have some wonderful candidates, and theres a great, lively debate here, but lets think about
toby: no, no,… no. sorry. we cut kevin off for the same thing. you have to have something to say, if you talk.
kevin: exactly
darryl:  jada, no, no, no, jada, what are you doing?  oh. so sorry, guys. i hope my family didnt disrupt your meeting
jada: daddy, are these the people who are making you manager
darryl:  maybe, sweetheart. single dad. challenges
jada: i dont know if hed be a good manager , but hes a really great dad
darryl: okay, shush it. this was a mistake. lets go.
phyllis: it seems like we all know enough to vote. should we just vote now
jim: what? no, no, its not a vote
phyllis: then what was this all about
jim: i dont know. this conversation really got away from me
kelly: i dont care. they can just vote
jim: no, they cant. thats not how this is gonna work.  were going in this room, were going to have a meeting. were gonna make a recommendation to jo, and shes gonna give you her recommendation on monday. okay?  what the hell happened out there? 
andy: sometimes you hear about people failing upwards. i think im about to do that.
nellie: this job? oh, yeah, ill get it. jos an old friend. i think… im her best friend. shes not my best friend.
darryl: every day i have a blueberry muffin. today, i did not have a blueberry muffin. should have had the blueberry muffin… especially considering how incredibly superstitious i am.
fred: no, ive never been more sure of anything in my life. i will be the new boss of…  vance refrigeration.
merv: honestly, i think i… i sabotaged myself. its like im afraid of being happy. case in point… i was supposed to start another job today.
robert:  i will get offered the job. thats a… call ive received many times. the slight hopefulness in their voice, the pregnant pause… while they wait to hear my response, and then… my response.
dwight: i will run this branch, or i will destroy this branch, or…  i dont know. something always works out. 
creed: you remind me so much of my fourth-biggest client
pam:  is that right
creed: i think you two should meet
pam: well, okay
creed: hey jordana! patch my ninth- and fourth-biggest clients together.
creed: its kismet!
