michael:  it is six a.m.  and we are about to go house to house to give everyone their dundie nomination certificates. just like the oscars
deangelo:  yes, and this happens every…
michael:  every year! this happens, you have a lot to learn my friend.
deangelo:  well, you know, why dont we try it, and if it goes good itll be part of my tradition
michael:  why do you always say that? youre gonna love it.
michael:   alright lets go!  this way, this way!
deangelo:  thanks
michael:  surprise
deangelo:  congratulations
jim:  yep, okay
michael:  you and pam have both been nominated for dundie awards
jim:  okay
michael:   here we go! have pam come down
jim:  no she doesnt wa- shes not here
pam:  whats going on
jim:  stay in bed!
michael:   congratulations
stanley:  have you lost your mind! get off my property before i call the police
michael:  we got it
deangelo:  uh, leave it at the door or…
michael:  yeah thats fine.
michael:   hey toby! you suck!
deangelo:  is this an employee of ours
michael:   go go go go go go!
michael:   ive never seen this place in the daylight.
deangelo:  it reminds me of katrina
michael:  here we go, alright got it? set?  hello?
meredith:  im so busted! walk of shame
deangelo:  do you usually leave your door unlocked? and ajar
meredith:  ahh, nice! i got a dundie nomination
michael:  yes you did. thats right! congratulations meredith. we should head out
meredith:  no no no! you guys stay! no no no! i have vienna sausages and i have napkins.  let me fix you breakfast
deangelo:   im not going in there
michael:   go.
michael:   good morning erin
erin:  oh hey, didnt see you
michael:  you have big plans for tonight
erin:  i dont know, maybe volunteer at the shelter, or go to bed, or… i dont know. maybe im going to the dundies!!
michael:  you are getting so funny!  very good.
michael:  the dundies are my baby, and they need to go on. when larry king died they didnt just cancel his show. they got pierce morgan to come in, and do his show, and, that way, larry lives on.
michael:  anything can happen at the dundies!  theyre like the golden globes but less mean. and i just want all of us to have a good time
dwight:  just a little announcement folks, remember, the dundies is a black tie affair
michael:  black tie optional
dwight:  every day is black tie optional
michael:  a la, tonight we will be hosting at louie volpies
kevin:  nice!
phyllis:  i love their breadsticks
pam:  oh, their breadsticks are like crack
ryan:  i love when people say like crack when theyve obviously never done crack
pam:  well the breadsticks are like what then, ryan, what can i use
ryan:  i dont know, something from your world. the breadsticks are like scrapbooking
pam:  youre right, youre right. im a middle class broad.
michael:  shh, shh! okay, okay. everybodys right. theyre like breadsticks on steroids. right
ryan:  yeah thats great
michael:  so as you know, the dundies are my legacy. so im going to need to train a replacement. so this year, i have decided to have a co-host.  and that person is  deangelo! 
dwight:  always the padawan, never the jedi.
deangelo:  thank you michael, uh, but i will have to pass
michael:  think of it as part of your training
deangelo:  not much of a performer, unless you count singing in the shower. boy, okay
michael:   okay, well well work on it
deangelo:   michael, im very, very bad
michael:  you are doing it.
michael:   guys! i want you to help us work on some banter
kevin:  yes! i love banter. but i hate witty banter
michael:  here we go! so, deangelo! you and i have a lot in common. you lost two hundred pounds, and i lose my car keys every morning
deangelo:  that is true, we do share some similarities. i know how you can fix one of those problems, for me it was portion control. for you, you need a key chain. maybe one with a
michael:   okay, okay. you know what, i didnt actually lose my keys
deangelo:  this did not happen
michael:  mmmmkay. there needs to be what you call a rat-a-tat. and right now its all rat and no tat. ryan come on up here. tap deangelo out. just watch this. okay.  ryan how are you today
ryan:  why dont you ask my therapist, my mom certainly pays her enough
michael:   there you go! lovely! regis and kelly! nice! use that as an inspiration.just be funny
deangelo:  uhhh, you sir!  are we having fun tonight
jim:  having a great time
deangelo:  oh good
jim:  thanks, yeah
deangelo:  where were you on september 11th
michael:  no! god!
deangelo:  this is so weird! if im conducting a meeting, good to go. but if i think of it as a performance… i-i fall apart. obviously
andy:  why dont you think of hosting the dundies like youre just running a meeting
michael:  no, no, no! this is the performance of your life
jim:  why dont you just, privately, in your own head, think of it like a meeting
michael:  jim, please no loopholes
darryl:  mike, why do you have to control how he perceives it in his mind
michael:  this is my last dundies ever, if i want mind control over him, is that too much to ask?
deangelo:   me mo. me mo
michael:  good. good. good
deangelo:  meee mo, mee
michael:  now, tell me something terrible that happened in your childhood
deangelo:  when i was very young, my mother divorced my father and i had to go to court and choose between them
michael:   too personal. i dont wanna hear about it.  lets try this. put these on.  i am going to turn this on, and turn the volume all the way up. so you cant-  thats right, youre not going to be able to hear yourself. read this,  and make it sound perfect
deangelo:  the dundies are-ow-about coming together! and recognizing, the adominability of the human spirit!
michael:  say it with an accent
deangelo:   the dundies
michael:   the dundies
deangelo:  the dundies!
jim:   i just dont understand the desire to push sweet potato fries on me, and not just regular fries
pam:  yeah…  hey, erin, everything okay
erin:  get away from the car, hes gonna see you
jim:  whos gonna see us
erin:   just get in! get in! just get in
jim:  get in the car?
erin:  please! sorry. get in.  sorry sorry sorry
pam:  whats wrong
erin:  i eat lunch in the car now.its my alone time. its just nice to have some time away from gabe
pam:  why dont you wanna eat lunch with your boyfriend
erin:  i, really dont like spending time with him
pam:  dont you think its better to tell him the truth now? you know, rather than waste more of his time
jim:  i think im gonna go
pam:  what
jim:  i think you got this. kay?  alright. feel better
erin:  thank you jim.
jim:  im sorry, that just wasnt interesting to me.
erin:  i cant just dump him pam, im not like you, i cant be mean
pam:  wait, when am i…? you just have to be clear and firm. you know, just tell him you dont love him. just be honest with him. 
dwight: 
kevin:   hi
dwight:  appalling.  eye sore.  surprisingly adequate! okay everyone! the activities commence in four seconds
erin:  deangelo, jos on the phone for you
deangelo:  hello
“jo”:   deangelo! were in serious horse manure here! the dundies are tonight! and we aint got no host
deangelo:  oh no
“jo”:  luckily i have someone for you
deangelo:  billy crystal
“jo”:  better
deangelo:  neil patrick harris
“jo”:  hes in little shop of horrors on broadway. now we need michael scott! the best darn dundies host on both sides of the mississippi!
deangelo:  ughhh, i gotta find michael scott! and then i gotta,  get him to the dundies
deangelo:   hey, can you help me find michael scott angela
“angela”:   my boyfriend can, hes a state senator
audience: 
deangelo:  mmhmm
angela:  oh wait, he cant help because that title has no meaning
oscar: 
oscar:  try jim deangelo, hell be able to help
deangelo:  jim! do you know where i can find michael scott
“jim”:   i totally dont know where michael is, dude, hey you wanna listen to some records
jim: 
deangelo:  no one is listening to me! and im running out of time
“phyllis”:   well, what are you talking about?  ohh! ohh!  ive fallen and i cant get up
deangelo:  maybe i just need to look into my heart.  deangelo, where is michael scott.
michael:  im here.  in a good way! ive been here the whole time.
oscar:  the analytical part of me wants to examine it, but i know it has no content.
dwight:  ladies and gentlemen, please stand up for you co-host this evening, michael gary scott.  please remain standing for your other co-host, and new manager, deangelo jeremitrius vickers!  was that part of the…?
michael:   deangelo, what are you doing? theres a live audience out there
deangelo:  go do it by yourself, get ryan
michael:  no, ryan would never do it. its too on the radar. look, look. the boss, hosts, the dundies! its sort of our perk
deangelo:  this was not, part of the job description
michael:  listen to me, youre not doing this for me, youre not doing this for you, youre not even doing this for them
deangelo:  who am i doing this for
michael:   youre doing this for all those kids out there, eating off the louie volpies kids menu, wondering: does it get better? what i want you to do, is i want you to say: its showtime. get out there
deangelo:  i cant.
michael:  say it
deangelo:  stop, hitting me
michael:  you can do it, just say it
deangelo:  hit me again.
michael:  now hit me.  one, two, three
together:  its showtime
michael:  alright, here we go.
michael:  okay! okay! sorry about the delay everybody! but we were at the dmv waiting in line.
deangelo:  fall asleep right after sex. huh guys
jim:  nope, go back to the script
michael:  there are a lot of great salesmen in this office, but one of our great salesmen is also a great dad. and a close personal friend of mine, jim halpert! best dad dundie!
jim:  wow! i do not parent for the award but i gotta tell you it feels pretty good. uh, cece, if youre watching this at home its way past your bedtime, by the way howd this get televised
michael:  well done
jim:  i dont know maybe being a good dad is just all in your own compass. i dont know, i dont know. thank you
michael :  alright.
pam:  you didnt think to mention me huh
jim:  didnt i
michael:  which moves us to, best mom dundie.  i guess we all kinda consider her a mom around the office. meredith palmer
meredith:   tell ya one thing, im not gonna be a good mom tonight! whooo
dwight:  excuse me, can i get a photo of the best mom and the best dad please
jim:  i gotta go do this
pam:   why
dwight:  big smiles folks! there they are.
michael:  year after year, i catch a lot of flak on this particular award, because year after year i present this award to a guy instead of a girl. hottest in the office goes to,  danny cordray!  danny couldnt be here tonight…
ryan:  how do i feel about not winning hottest in the office this year? uhm, im very relieved. how do you, how do you judge something like that? what is the criteria even? its, its so subjective.
michael:  stanley hudson is a grump, everybody knows that.  but did you know, that stanley hudson is also the face of a debilitating disease known as diabetes. the diabetes award goes to stanley hudson!  come on up here you sick bastard.
phyllis:  i have diabetes too. you dont see me making a big deal about it.
deangelo:  they say hes going to be my right hand man, adlib masturbation joke.  no, i hate this, i hate it so much.  dwight schrute! please accept this promising assistant manager dundie.  thank you, thank you so much. i would like to thank something that we, uh, take for granted in our daily lives. and that is the humble trashcan.  this is for you trashcan!
manager:   who gave you those crayons
kevin:  i brought them from home! do you have a red
manager:  this is a cloth tablecloth! you cant color on it
kevin:  oh really? [camera shows that kevin has drawn a house on the tablecloth
michael:  you know, herpes affects one in five sexually active adults?  pippy longstocking, ronald mcdonalds wife, ron howard, ron weasley, what do thay all have in common? red heads. erin hannon, come on up here and receive your cutest red head in the office award!
meredith:  that is bull!
erin:  thank you, thank you! this is the first award ive ever won in my entire life.  people are right about the dundies, they are magical. but, i dont feel it. and i think thats because im not with the right person. gabe, we should break up
gabe:  what
erin:  im not attracted to you. i just, i cringe when you talk. i have to be honest. right, right pam?  thank you for hearing me
gabe:   well, this is embarrassing, um, im obviously really angry at erin. its that quarter life crisis everyones been talking about.  alright im gonna go.
michael:   there you go
darryl:  damn that was cold
michael:  it is difficult to recognize the person who will be replacing you. but he is a good guy, so the michael scott award for best dundies host goes to deangelo vickers.
audience:  speech! speech! speech! speech
deangelo:  hold on, hold on one second.  i wanna, i wanna, i feel truly blessed! uhhh, to be working with all of you! before this all started, funny story, i was in the bathroom, vomitting, and vomitting in the mens room
manager:  okay, okay.
deangelo:  thats why its been shut down for most of the evening
michael:   deangelo is expressing himself. [manager pulls the microphone cable, everyone can still here deangelo
deangelo:  this is truly special, for me! and uh, anyway. its so much lighter
michael:  okay, were done! thats it
deangelo:  michael, are we?
michael:  were done. were done!
michael:   so that is how it ends. my last dundies ever. i was hoping itd be more like godfather three. that rapped up the whole franchise in an extremely satisfying way. but instead it is like godfather one! that was, very confusing, had maybe three big laughs. oh well
pam:  michael, we were thinking maybe we could keep this thing going
michael:  what
deangelo:  i know im the cause of this royal screw up but i would like to see this show go on
michael:  no, no. youre being too hard on yourself. we had a very truncated rehearsal time
pam:  lets grab some ice cream, go back to the office, and finish what we started.
michael:  so what youre saying is you kinda like it?  ive fallen and i cant get up!  that phyllis bit, that was pretty good
jim:  i dont know that we need to dissect it all now, but
michael:  that got a big laugh
jim:  that did. pretty huge laugh
michael:   you were laughing right
stanley:  i was.
deangelo:   you know what, i have to go to the bathroom
michael:  were really close
deangelo:  i can just run over to the gas station
dwight:  we should just wait here and not get good seats in the conference room
michael:  thats true, we wouldnt get seats together
deangelo:  okay, fine ill hold it
michael:   you know, despite a couple hiccups, i think that went very well
dwight:  i thought it was the worst dundies ive ever been to
michael:  man! maybe you should have won the kind of a bitch award
dwight:  gladly! id accept that award, because a bitch, is a female dog
deangelo:   please dont stop so suddenly, the seatbelt is pressing on my bladder. why are you even wearing a seatbelt, youre sitting in the backseat, baby
michael:  what is your problem?
dwight:  i just dont see a point in the dundies! okay? the jokes are terrible, the venue is bad, the fashion is boring
michael:  okay! that, that is unfair! the clothing was safe, but tasteful
dwight:  and next time, why dont you pick a co-host, that doesnt have microphone-a-phobia
deangelo:   look, what ever youre going to do, how long is it going to take? ballpark. ‘cause i just, i gotta make a decision here.
michael:  he is in an all-out sprint.
michael:   here…  okay! by his own omission, this person actually tried marijuana in college, so the doobie doobie pothead stoner of the year award goes to, andy bernard!
andy:  a lot of people id like to thank, but i think we all actually wanna thank you michael
michael:  oh, okay.
andy:  i mean, we actually all really wanna thank you, for everything
darryl: 
michael:  oh my god, somethings happening
andy:   nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! we actually sat down, and did the math
all:  nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! thats how many minutes, that youve worked here
pam:  in costumes
jim:  and impressions
toby:  in meetings
erin and kelly:  and cups of coffee
kevin:  for birthdays
stanley:  more meetings and
women:  e-mail forms you made us read
all:  nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! thats like watching die hard, eighty thousand times
meredith:  you hit me with your car
ryan:  you helped me get off drugs
creed:  i watch you when you sleep
oscar:  i forgive you for kissing me
all:  remember to, call. call. remember to, call. call. remember to, call. call
kelly and erin:  call, text or e-mail, or call
deangelo:   measure your life in love
all:  remember to call, remember to, call. remember to call.
michael:   yeah, okay.  well this is gonna hurt like a mother.
deangelo:   every day, millions of americans suffer from extreme repulsiveness. someone in our midst, is bringing that problem to light. toby flenderson, please come up here and accept the extreme repulsiveness award. oh thats so mean
michael:  no its not
oscar:   its his last dundies
jim:  you gotta play along man
oscar:  come on toby
michael:  here he comes! alright! you deserve it!
toby:  i really disagree with this. i think its kind of hateful. though i am a little happy right now to have a platform to talk about the outcome of a case i was recently a juror on. the scranton strangler. that mans being put to death. i was part of the verdict, and im not so sure hes guilty any more. 
