erin:  andy?
jim:  yes!
erin:  did you write this
andy:  no
erin:  who did
andy:  steven sondheim
erin:  who is he?
angela:  what the hell is happening?
andy:  were the cast of sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street. we open in a couple weeks at the loose screw playhouse here in scranton and today just doing a wee bit of viral marketing.
michael:   that was amazing! that was awesome! i auditioned for this. when did the cast list go up
andy:  like a month ago
michael:  really? they didnt call me. who am i playing? …andy?
andy:  two comps. for my lady and her gabe. its closing night. tomorrow we have to give the theater over to the scrantons miss fitness pageant.
erin:  i am so excited. but i just need one. gabe cant come. sorry
andy:  what? thats awful. everyones gonna miss that guy.
andy:  gabe is not coming, which is huge because my plan is to make erin fall back in love with me tonight. women cannot resist a man singing show tunes. its so powerful, even a lot of men cant resist a man singing show tunes.
erin:  oh, who else is going
andy:  everyone
erin:  gabe seemed to think no one was going
andy:  what kind of terrible rumor monger is gabe? he is woefully misinformed, all right? excuse me, clink, clink, clink, clink, everybody. youre all coming to my show tonight, right
michael:  andy, what times the show
andy:  8pm sharp
michael:  how long is it
andy:  hour forty-five
michael:  nope, cant make it.
michael:  they say that no one can take your pride, but the people who cast andys play, they took mine.
andy:  jim, pam, you guys are in, right
pam:  oh, we wanted to, but our sitter just fell through. im really sorry.
andy:  dwight
dwight:  uh, no, thank you. last time i went to the theater, a man dressed as a cat sat on my lap.
andy:  it would mean so much to me if you came to my show tonight
michael:  i cant andy, its too hard. thats-i put everything i had into that audition. do you understand that
andy:  if it makes you feel any better, no one who auditioned for the part of sweeney todd got that part. they had to bring in a ringer.
michael:  wow
andy:  this guys like world-class. you should not feel bad. im asking you thespian to thespian. will you please be the bigger man and come to my show
michael:  i wish i could, andy, but i cant. i have plans that night. im going to see a friend in a play called sweeney todd. youre that friend. im going to see your play.
andy:  noishe
michael:  and scene.
angela:  listen, i would like you to take me to andys play tonight.
dwight:  please, waste of time. you know what? lets just knock this out right now. disrobe.
dwight:  angela? dont like her anymore. not attracted to her anymore. just contractually obligated to make a baby with her.
dwight:  give me the punch card
angela:  no. if you want to punch the punch card, you have to take me to the show.
dwight:  that is not in the contract
angela:  well, theres a lot of gray area in that clause.do you want to re-mediate
dwight:  alright, fine. ill go to your little show, but im not wearing a cape
angela:  thank you.
angela:  dwight and i have a contractual agreement to procreate five times, plain and simple. and should he develop feelings for me, well, that would be permissible under item 7c, clause 2, so i would not object. 
andy:  hey, how are those salads
jim:  its my own fault
andy:  my parents used to scramble to find babysitters so they could take my younger brother to do stuff. i understand how hard it can be. i just-tonight, if you could…
pam:  well keep looking.
andy:  yes
jim:  really
pam:  i mean, who knows? maybe i have a niece my family never told me about
andy:  oh my gosh, that would be amazing.
pam:  yeah.
jim:  for a lot of reasons
andy:  yeah, i know. neiche!
michael:  oh, hey guys
stanley:  you brought balloons to a play
michael: i did, because i am being the bigger man, and balloons are bigger than flowers.
phyllis:  its nice, like up
michael:  yes.
usher:  excuse me, are you the guy who did an entire law &amp; order episode for his audition
michael:  nope.
andy:  guys
all:  hey! andy
andy:  you all made it, thank you so much.
jim:  you should actually thank erin, shes the one who agreed to babysit.
andy:  shes babysitting?
erin:  i really wanted to see andys play, because hes so, so talented. but ive been trying to get in the babysitting game forever. the thirteen-year-olds in this town have a complete monopoly. its almost like a babysitters club.
andy:  i understand. this is, like, huge opportunity for her.
michael:   this is ridiculous. youd think theyd discourage people from bringing in balloons
darryl:  hey, i think this guy playing sweeney todd is my plumber.
michael:  no, darryl. this guys a world-class actor. he doesnt daylight as your plumber.
darryl:  no, its my plumber. says so in his bio. apparently the director discovered him doing karaoke. its his first play. he didnt even audition
michael:  are you kidding me
darryl:  shhh. if we dont listen to the overture, we wont recognize the musical themes when they come back later
michael:  all right, im sorry. god.
usher:  excuse me, i think you may be in the wrong seats.
kelly:  ooooh!
dwight:   i work with that guy.
angela:   ugh! theres gum on the seat and now its on my work skirt. i have to go change
dwight:  too bad im not gonna explain anything that you miss.
angela:  oh, dwight, just move
dwight:   his names andy. hes a terrible salesman.
kelly:  what time is it? 
shelby:  michael! shelby thomas weemes, the director.
michael:  hello
shelby:  i promise you that if you keep auditioning with similar gusto
michael:  okay
shelby:  we are going to find a production with a role for michael scott
michael:  okay
shelby:  yes
michael:  yes
shelby:  good
michael:  good
shelby:  enjoy the second act.
michael:  you enjoy the second act
shelby:  have a refreshment
michael:  thank you. you, too. 
angela:  come on, dwight.
dwight:  why are you dressed like a seed catalogue model
angela:  these are just my dirty old gardening clothes. they were all that i had in my car
dwight:  lets go.
pam:  hey, erin, its pam. how ya doing? no, no, dont put cece on the phone, because she cant talk yet. okay. no, i was just calling to see how everythings going. yeah? yeah? its good? the play? the play is kind of great. i mean, its fun to hear andy sing in the appropriate setting. now, hes really sorry you couldnt make it, too. yeah. so thank you so much, again. were having a great time. oh, theyre flashing the lights so we should go in. thanks. bye. okay, so we called. and everythings fine
jim:  everythings fine
pam:  we can relax.
jim:  we can relax. lets get our sweeney on.
meredith:   michael! 
andy:  just checking my e-mails. see if i got any last-minute “break a legs” or “i still love you” type texts. doesnt look like i got anything.maybe on my facebook wall.
creed:   unfortunately, in this ham-fisted production of sweeney todd, the real terror comes from the vocal performances. new paragraph.
andy:  mr. todd! mr. todd! i found her
sweeney todd:  you found johanna
andy:  that monster of a judge has locked her-. locked her away.
sweeney todd:  theres a little bird fluttering around.do hope it ceases chirping.
michael:  how is that funny
sweeney todd:  the bird continues to call. someone please turn off your… bird. oh, for the love-turn your phone off! there are signs
andy:  oh, it appears the bird was in mine own pocket this whole time. hes gone to sleep now, ive closed his beak.
sweeney todd:  what is the news of my darling daughter johanna
andy:   you know what? let me just double check, that bird… okay, good. its off. i mean, silenced. i silenced it by killing it. ive killed it! im a murderer! just like you, sweeney todd. see, it all connects. not that i know youre a murderer. my character doesnt know that yet. but im suspicious, because of all the razors that you have laying around. and you spend time alone. but youre a barber, so thats legit. so theres that. but…
sweeney todd:   where is johanna
andy:  a madhouse
sweeney todd:  a madhouse
andy:  yes, a madhouse
sweeney todd:  a madhouse? johanna is as good as rescued. where do you suppose all the wig makes of london go to obtain their human hair?
andy:  do you think…  so you think…
sweeney todd:  foggs asylum , why not?
pam:  sounds like cece
jim:  okay, i think everybody just needs to relax
pam:   oh, my god! go, go
jim:  oh, my god.
andy:   thats really irresponsible of erin. shes a terrible babysitter.
erin:  i just didnt think that you guys were gonna see us. we were just gonna stop by and get some ice cream and then go home
jim:  okay, this was pretty simple
pam:  why are you here
jim:   really, all you had to do was play with her for, like, 30 minutes and then put her to bed.
pam:  what possible explanation could you have for possibly being here? i dont… you know, babies shouldnt have ice cream, by the way.
erin:  im sorry. i just really wanted to see andy. you guys made it sound so unmissable, and you set me up with a car seat and everything
jim:  well, the car seat was to take her to the hospital, or
erin:  oh, no, why would i take her to the hospital?
pam:  you know what? it doesnt matter. it doesnt matter.
erin:  why dont i just take her home and let you guys finish, and then you should stay out as late as you want
jim:  no, were good. thank you, though.
erin:  okay. alright, bye cece.
pam:  okay
jim:  alright, well, were never leaving the house again.
pam:  not together!
michael:   boo! boo!
angela:  that was more horrifying than nunsense.
dwight:  all that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murders
angela:  wheres my car? come on.
michael:  mmm! fruit is so much better when its dried. ive already eaten, like, 30 apricots.
sweeney todd:  darryl
darryl:  hey
sweeney todd:  didnt know you were gonna be here. hows the toilet
darryl:  silent. look, congratulations
sweeney todd:  thank you.
darryl:  i had no idea. this plumber has pipes
michael:  yeah, good job. well done.
sweeney todd:  youre the guy who booed me
michael:  hmm? no, there were a lot of people booing you. i wasnt one of em
sweeney todd:  no, i saw you, and you were the only one.
michael:  get your eyes checked, chucklehead
creed:  be cool, michael. i saw this guy kill a bunch of people. good work
sweeney todd:  thank you.
darryl:  you didnt have to boo him
michael:  well, he was getting a lot of applause, and i just didnt think it was indicative of how people were really feeling.
darryl:  how would you like it if we booed you
michael:  that would never happen.
darryl:  boo! boo
michael:  okay. i appreciate the feedback.
darryl:  boo! boo!
michael: i dont like that at all.
andy:  are you ready
erin:  yes. oh, im so scared! okay, kill me! just kill me! kill me
andy:   ah! blood everywhere
erin:  oh, no. im so glad were hanging out again outside of work
andy:  yeah, me, too.
erin:  okay, i kill you now
andy:  okay.
dwight:  all right, lets do this
angela: no, actually, dwight, i didnt realize how far this walk was, and i-im exhausted
dwight:  its okay, i smell.
angela:  no, no, no, no. i think i just want to go home, but its okay. this can count as one of your times
dwight:  no, no, no. contractually were obligated to have sex
angela:  well, i wont tell if you dont
dwight:  i will tell. i will tell the mediator. what-what are you…  ok. oh, was that in the way? get rid of it.
angela:  good night, dwight.
dwight:  good night.
andy:  these would have been your seats. best seats in the house. lots of people think it would be the front row, but actually, right here, this is where the speakers converge, and the sound just, like, nails you right here.
erin:  this is awesome.  sorry. hi, gabe. yeah, i just stopped by andys cast party to say hi to everyone. oh, sure, i can pick you up some soup. what do you want? thats broth, gabe. okay, i-ill see you soup.  okay, i have to go. thank you so much. this is so much fun, and im really sorry that i missed your play, but next time ill be there. or here. right here, i promise.
andy:  awesome
erin:  okay
andy:  see you later
erin:  thank you.
jim:   its like the hurt locker!
pam:  this night was a disaster
jim:  no, it was not a disaster. it was weird, but it wasnt a disaster. i think we have, like, a gift bottle of irish cream
pam:  yeah?
jim:  we could put that in orange juice
pam:  get it
jim:  yeah
pam:  lets get our juice on
jim:  yeah!
phyllis:  found him
michael:  hey, whats going on here? post-show blues?
andy:  yeah, i guess you could say that
michael:  yeah, i get those every day after work
phyllis:  your show was really great, andy
stanley:  interesting subject matter. im surprised you pulled it off
andy:  it was like amateur hour
oscar:  it was an amateur production, technically.
michael: oscar. enough with the sass, please. god! what is wrong with you? andy, listen to me. look me in the eye. i thought that you were awesome.
andy:  stop just saying that
michael:  i am not just saying that. you can trust that i am telling you the truth. i booed someone tonight. i have no filter. and if i thought you were terrible, i would have booed. and if i thought you had done a better job, i would be saying nicer things right now. but i thought that you were exactly awesome. no better, no worse
andy:  thank you. that feels good
michael:  i did not say that to make you feel good. i just said it. total integrity
darryl:  andy, sing us another song
andy:  thanks, but i feel like a loner right now.
phyllis:  oh, come on, andy, you were the highlight
michael:  come on, andy, seriously
all:  andy! andy! andy! andy! andy
andy:  okay, all right, all right, all right.
andy:  
michael:  in the criminal justice system, the people are defended by two separate but equally important groups, the police who investigate the crimes and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders. these are their stories. kun-kun!  im just a cleaning lady. aah! a dead body. he wrapped his belt around his own neck. it looks like a classic case of autoerotic asphyxiation. yeah, looks like everyones tightening their belts in this economy.  last time you saw the victim, was he happy? last time i saw this john, he was-he wasnt a victim, if you know what im talkin about
shelby:  thanks you
michael:  no, that was- im just getting into the first act.
