dwight:   hola, hola. necesito une bueno worker. tu esporte! come on!  que? que?
mexican man: 
son:  we dont go with that man. ive seen several men go with that man and not come back.
mexican man: 
son:  weve lost friends
mexican man: 
son:  we dont know what he does with them
mexican man: 
son:  i dont want to talk about it anymore.
dwight:  i pick up day laborers and tell them theyll get paid at six p.m. at five forty five, a certain ins agent by the name of mose schrute throws them in the back of a van, drops them off in the middle of harrisburg and tells them its canada.
nate:  hola amigo
dwight:  hola, tu es une buena worker
nate:  si, yo muy bueno worker
dwight:  y el accento, donde are you from
nate:  scranton, y before that la philadelphia
dwight:  you speak english
nate:  yes, im really good at english
dwight:  ok, good. me too, get in the car
nate:   okay
dwight:  
angela:   whos this guy by our cars
dwight:  that is my new maintenance worker, nate. and youll be happy to know that hes taking care of that hornets nest that youve been griping about
phyllis:  yeah, i got stung up my dress
dwight:  poor hornet
dwight:   i left him all the tools he needs. this is do or die. if he chooses correctly hell conquer the hornets
ryan:  but if he doesnt
dwight:  hell die
kelly:  what
andy:  uhh, beg your pardon
dwight:  when did the phrase do or die become so corrupted
nate: 
kelly:  is that a blow torch?
pam:  no. no no no!
dwight:  interesting choice
pam:   yes
andy:  very very smart
pam:  yeah, go away.
nate: 
dwight:  a bat! impressive
andy:  oh its stinging him! ow! ow! 
michel:   good morning erin, any mustaches? i mean messages
erin:   terrific!
michael:  there are many reasons a man would wear a fake mustache to work.  he is a fan of the outrageous. he loves to surprise! he loves… other things as well.
phyllis:   god! wow
michael:   look,  its a pimple phyllis. avrile lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive
phyllis:  thats no pimple michael
michael:  you mean cancer
pam:  what? no! wait, no. definitely not cancer.
pam:  its just good to stop a michael train of thought early before it derails and destroys the entire town.
meredith:  wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. its just a cold sore
michael:  it is
meredith:  yup, just a cold sore
michael:  just a cold sore, thank you. phyllis, i dont have acne. i have a cold sore. i dont even have a cold. i dont know how i got it
kevin:  i know how you got it.
michael:  how
kevin:  michael come on. a cold sore is herpes
michael:  what
pam:  wait! what you should do, michael, is have a doctor take a look at it. because we really dont know what that is
meredith:  i know tons and tons of people who have herpes. i have it myself. thats what it is
kevin:  i never seen herpes on you
meredith:  because its on my genitals, genius
kevin:  you have a penis
andy:  michael, have you ever been tested for stds
michael:  yeah! my last physical when i was forty
jim:  that was like, ten years ago
michael:  no! it was like four years ago
kevin:  michael, youre at least forty six
michael:  why at least? if youre guessing forty six just say forty six. 
kelly:  can we please talk about how gross meredith is
angela:  this is what you get when you treat your body like an outhouse
andy:  you know what guys, why dont we just chill out on this herp-chat. ok? i was an rea in college and i can tell you, number one sexually transmitted disease is ignorance
kelly:  i guess maybe you should go marry a meth dealer with crabs
oscar:  i dont even wanna know these things
meredith:   hey guys! 
michael:  how did this happen, how did i get this
dwight:  some eggs can rely dormant in a woman for years, they may not even know they have it
michael:  you know what, i feel like one of those old timey sailors. with the eye patch.  its me own damn fault. woman in every port
dwight:  what port? the jan port. the holly por
michael:  dont even! holly was clean! okay? if anything i gave it to her
dwight:  you may have
michael:  oh my god! what if i did
dwight:  you need to contact holly! you need to notify her, that she is crawling with herpes
michael:  okay! you know what? might! might be crawling with herpes. i might have gotten it after her
dwight:  you need to contact every woman youve been with, and notify them of your herpes infestation. its the right thing to do
michael:  theres no way im gonna do that
dwight:  then i will
michael:  
dwight:  no, im no doctor, but it seems to me that we all have an obligation to the public health to track down anyone who gives us a disease, inform them of it, and take overwhelming revenge on that person. again, im no doctor. im just a normal guy who enjoys revenge.
donna:   hello
michael:  hi donna. its michael
donna:  michael, i didnt think id here from you. how have you been
michael:  i have a disease, for which there is no known cure, that has been sexually transmitted to me
donna:  oh no
michael:  i cant even say it. h-i
donna:  oh my god
michael:  …r-p-e-e-
donna:  wait, youre calling to tell me that you have herpes
michael:  no, i am calling to see if you gave me herpes. because if you did i would be able to avoid a lot of sucky conversations. so you have it right
donna:  ummm, no
michael:  does your stupid husband have it
donna:  no! he doesnt. are you telling me i have to get tested
michael:  yes i am telling you you have to get tested for herpes. good-bye
dwight:  so long donna! 
andy:  excuse me everyone, can i have your attention please
stanley:  not again
andy:  what do you mean again
stanley:  youre always asking for our attention
andy:  maybe like a year ago
stanley:  seems recent
andy:  no, thats
oscar:  andy, the reason it seems more recent is because many of us here have never stood up and asked for everyones attention, and it seems like youve done it on several occasions
andy:  everyone, ive noticed that we have not been entirely kind to one of our own, due to stigmas and prejudices
phyllis:  oh! when you got your new phone, thats when you asked for everyones attention
stanley:   thats what i was thinking, you kept announcing scores
andy:  its the worlds only international sport! 
holly:   this is holly
michael:  no this is holly
holly:  no this is holly
michael:  no this is holly
holly:  no, this is michael scott
michael:  busted. so what can i do for you holly
holly:  i am calling because, theres a terrible crash
michael:  oh really? was anyone killed
holly:  a lot of people
michael:  any nuns
holly:  three nuns,  from a missionary in south africa
michael:   were they in the missionary position? 
andy:   ba na na na na. hot pizza, check it and see. ba na na na. got a whole bunch of pepperoni. ba na na na na.  yeah, now youre looking at me. anyone whos interested in entering into an honest discussion about the sexual mores and taboos of modern society will be rewarded with a pizza break.
michael:   do you ever wonder what life would have been like if you hadnt been transferred
holly:  yeah
michael:  we would have twins.
holly:  i dont think wed have kids
michael:  mmhmm
holly:  it was just for a few weeks
michael:  mhhmm! we would be married
holly:   michael, i have been dating a.j. for a year and a half now. you do this you know
michael:  do what
holly:  you romanticize things
michael:  i dont romanticize th-  no
holly:  michael, you cried at that tagline for a movie you made up
michael:  he had no arms or legs, he couldnt hear see, or speak… this is how he let a nation
holly:  you made ourselves to be more than we were
michael:  we were more than we were
holly:  i dont know what youre getting so upset about, we had to break up a long time ago, it was a good memory
michael:  ok, alright i gotta go
holly:  michael…
dwight:   he forgot to mention the herpes
michael:  it didnt come up organically.
jan:   …to accommodate the, uh, suppliers.  gentlemen! nice to see you, itll be just a moment. if you could show them into conference room b.  the pharmaceutical aspects should be able to…
jan:  how do i do it? raise my daughter, work as director of office purchasing for this hospital and release an album of dorris day covers on my own label? if i knew id tell you.
michael:  its nice to see you doing so well
jan:  yeah im really happy. me and astrid against the world.  were loving it, yeah. im kind of a supermom
michael:  bringing home the bacon
jan:  yeah.  fry it up in a pan. never never never let you forget…  i love that commercial
dwight:  i dont understand the reference
jan:  well, michael, it was nice to get your call
dwight:  we had to come over right away, its urgent. michael has something to tell you.
jan:  are you gonna keep me in suspense?
michael:   would you excuse us
dwight:  ok im gonna head outta here, i know you have a lot to talk about. ok, is there a, an operating theater thats open to visitors? never mind ill find it
michael:  he hasnt changed
jan:  no, so what couldnt wait
michael:  am i the kind of person to misremember our relationship as more than it ever was
jan:  michael scott, you are here for a post mortem
michael:  what
jan:  you wanna dig into our relationship, go over it, see what killed it. ok, im in.
andy:  so, guys. ive been really bothered by the way certain people are getting treated around here, and i just think as an office were better than that. ok, now im going to show you a picture of genitalia.
erin:  andy
andy:  what, is it because hes black
jim:  nope, its because its genitalia
andy:  perfectly normal genitalia tuna. now im going to show you another picture of perfectly normal genitalia.
jim:  am i blocking anybody? can everybody see
andy:  its normal! big deal! yeah sure it has some herpes on it, but you know what? its just as normal as anyone elses.
jan:  no! in the beginning we were not good
michael:  well, there was a little bit of a learning curve in the conversation department, but between the sheets we were like jordan and pippin
jan:  well if theres anything exciting about it its because we both knew it was wrong
michael:  because we work together
jan:  no, ok. imagine theres a princess, who falls for a guy beneath her station, and the queen doesnt like this at all. and the princess knows that the queen doesnt like it so it just makes her wanna do it all the more just to get at the queen
michael:  am i the princess
jan:  no im the princess, and the queen
michael:   ok, so im the guy at the station
astrid:  mommy
jan:  assy! awwhhh how was school
astrid:  it was cool
jan:   what did you learn
astrid:  what did i learn
jan:  you might have learned shapes, or blocks, or clocks, or colors. or you might have learned that were all, sisters and brothers
michael:  i have herpes.
michael:  i used to think that she was the one. or at least a the one. and if i called that one so wrong…
andy:  herpes, like all stds, is a consequence of sex. can anyone else name any other consequences
kevin:  it feels unbelievable
andy:   ok i guess i can make a pros column. feels
kevin:  …unbelievable
phyllis:  the ability to express love physically. its a magical thing
andy:  express love, magical
kevin:  it feels amazing
andy:  umm, ok is that different from feels unbelievable
kevin:  yes
andy:  then i will write it down
creed:  the feeling of pure risk
andy:  i actually had that down in the cons column, but
creed:  its thrilling
andy:  ok, umm. ill move that. thrill of risk
erin:  andy, arent there also negatives to sex
andy:  yes! thank you! such as
erin:  unplanned pregnancy
andy:  yes, unplanned pregnancy
kelly:  like jim and pam, say whaaat
kevin:  just admit that your baby was a mistake
pam:  hey! our baby was not a mistake. she was a surprise
jim:  good
darryl:  im sure they dont regret having their child, lets move it to the pros
jim and pam:  thank you
andy:  ok, unplanned pregnancy, going in the pros column.
dwight:  next stop is helene. youre gonna wanna make a left on willow, which is a little ways away, uh. ill remind you
michael:  you know, i dont know if i trust jans judgment. she
dwight:  jan knows paper
michael:  no, im not talking about paper. relationships, they have the ability to point out if the man is making a bigger deal out of something that is really there
dwight:  wait, what holly said
michael:  yes, i dont
dwight:  forget it michael! today is about herpes
michael:  i know, i know
dwight:  who gave it to you, who has it, and who is going to pay
michael:  got it
dwight:  to answer your question about jan, no. jan is insane. why do you think i got- left, willow now
michael:  im trying! god!
michael:   hi stranger! long time
old woman:  who are you
michael:  im michael. we dated for a while
old woman:  i dont think so
helene:  michael
michael:  oh hey! dwight, would you take my grandmother for a walk while i talk to helene
dwight:  come on old lady. lets go
old woman:  what is happening?
dwight:  come on.
andy:  who can tell me what the safest form of sex is
darryl:  condoms
andy:  incorrect, the only true form of safe sex, ok? abstinence
darryl:  ohh. ok. i didnt realize we were doing trick questions. whats the safest way to go skiing? dont ski!
andy:  i just thought id bring it up in case someone in here was practicing abstinence. thats all.anybody
pam:  andy thats way too personal of a question
andy:  well someone could answer if they want to.  ok, in that case i will now show you how to put this condom on… using this pencil.
andy:  what
oscar:  why would you choose a pencil andy
andy:  well im not gonna use my penis, oscar! its not exactly hard right now anyway.
meredith:  come on, give it a rest pencil dick
andy:  im doing this for you meredith
meredith:  i didnt want you it
andy:  well did you h- di- gah! does no one appreciate what im doing right now?! 
helene:  itll go away in time just dont touch it
michael:  did i make more of what we had then what was really there
helene:  what did you think we were
michael:  just a quirky indie movie weird sort of thing, breaking all the rules. but had to end, because the summer was over. for you
helene:  i think for you to have come here even expecting that we can have a conversation like this shows ho-how self deluded you are! michael, your memory has failed you greatly
michael:  jerk. 
dwight:  michael!
carroll:  so this is the chefs kitchen, which makes it perfect for real entertainers
michael:  real entertainers, like billy joel
carroll:  michael
michael:  carroll, how are you
carroll:  im great! how are you
michael:  im great! i saw your-your sign outside. and i decided, im going to pull in, and maybe buy a house from her
carroll:  you didnt call my office and ask where i was
michael:  no
carroll:  because the receptionist told me a man called but he only said he was my ex-lover
michael:  weird
carroll:  yeah
michael:  he sounds like a nice guy.
andy:  i dont know, i mean people were being really mean to meredith
gabe:  this wasnt really about meredith was it. you and erin are broken up
andy:  how is that relevant to anything
gabe:  i asked you if it was ok if i asked her out. you said, and i quote, ‘my good sir! nothing would make me happier than to hand you the hand of the hand once in my hand. i specifically remember it because you said it in such a weird way
andy:  the only reason i said that is because you asked me so politely! it was very difficult for me to say no
gabe:  ill let this slide, but i expect you to put this whole erin thing behind you.
michael:  oh wow another living room
carroll:  its a family room
michael:  you put the tv here, you put the family over here
carroll:  michael why are you here
michael:  someone told me that i romanticize relationship
carroll:  you know, we all do that
michael:  i have herpes
carroll:  what? did you have that while we were together
michael:  i just found out today. its, uh, right there
carroll:  oh! oh, thats what youre talking about
michael:  mmhmm, im sorry
carroll:  did the doctor check it out
michael:  im between specialists right now
carroll:  yes, yes michael. actually you do make a bigger deal out of things than you need to. you proposed to me on our fourth date
michael:  well i believe in love at first sight
carrol:  well so do i, but we didnt love each other at first either. i dont know what you were thinking
michael:  i knew what i was thinking at the time, but right now it just seems ridiculous
dwight:   excuse me, someone died in the upstairs bathroom didnt they
carroll:  no.
darryl:   we should schedule meetings, because the days can slip away with chit-chat. are you crying
andy:  no im just sweating
darryl:  i dont know whos got you upset but my advice is stop crying
andy:  im not crying im just sweating
darryl:  look you need to pick yourself up. man up, alright? you will win this in the end. its all about heart, and character. be your best self
andy:  ok
darryl:  yeah.
darryl:  i have no idea what his problem is, thats just my standard advice. its good advice right?
holly:   this is holly flax, i cant come to the phone right now but please leave a message after the sound of the tiny truck backing up.
michael:  hi holly its michael, i just wanted to call and let you know that i was thinking about what you said. its just. you know?its weird. today i ended up seeing a lot of women that i used to date, and in my mind they were all great. and then when i actually saw them, it was mostly a freak show. and you and me, that must have been a real train wreck. you know what, holly? youre wrong. you are wrong. i remember every second of us. and talking to them today, i dont feel for them anything like what i feel for you. i didnt joke with any of them, i joked with you. you are the only one who was actually happy to hear from me. and i dont know why you downgraded what we had but i did not make us up. ok.oh, wait, and you should talk to a doctor because you might have herpes. bye.
oscar:  what is this about
michael:  oscar, we once sucked face in public. as part of an office presentation to destroy the stigma of gay kissing. do you recall
oscar:  yes
michael:  you may have given me a sexually transmitted disease
oscar:  what
michael:  herpes duplex
dwight:  it was probably just an ingrown mustache hair but we have to be exhaustive
michael:  i have already contacted all of my ex-lovers except for you
oscar:  we were never lovers
dwight:  im gonna need a list of every man youve ever had sex with. im talking train stations, mens rooms
michael:  flower shops, fireworks celebrations
dwight:  fence with a hole in it.
michael:  moolit gandala, carrage drive through central park
dwight:  the woods behind the liquor store, the swamp behind the old folks home
michael:  an electric car dealership.
dwight:  the democratic primaries
michael:  oscar! think abou- think! 
