michael:  look at that
oscar:  huh
michael:  nice
oscar:  i love cycling. andy, i feel like a tourist in my own city. i literally cant wait to wake up every morning
pam:  okay
michael:  she is a beaut
dwight:  cant beat a horse. a horse is a bike that peddles itself
oscar:  yes, it is
michael:  oh, look at that. smooth roll
oscar:  yeah
kevin:  you got it! lance armstrongs bike
oscar:  yes
meredith:  his ass was on that seat? all right
kevin:  nice
oscar:  no, meredith, thats not his actual bicycle, but it is the same exact model he uses
kelly:  im on sheryl crows side in that whole thing, so i feel really weird right now
pam:   michael
michael:  oh, god
oscar:  oh…
michael:  yes, i can ride a bike. i take spinning classes three times a month. i think i know how to ride a bike.
jim:  are you sure you once knew how to do this
michael:  i did, yes! i had those extra wheels on the back…that support you.  mi-chael! mi-chael
all:   mi-chael! mi-chael! mi-chael! mi-chael
dwight:  yeah
pam:  come on, michael! yeah
jim:  just steer more now
michael:   oh, my god
pam:  not the car
jim:  no! no
michael:  ow!  you never forget. whoo!
dwight:  how do i look
jim:  amazing. how do i look
dwight:  normal. ugly
jim:  well, i do the best with what ive got. lets go
dwight:  alright. wait, wait, wait, wait for me! its weird if i come in slightly after.
dwight:  we have a big meeting with the chief buyer for frames select, steve nash
jim:  hes not the steve nash. hes big though. hes kind of like…scrantons steve nash
dwight:  will you stop trying to put it in terms you think theyll understand? its condescending
jim:  im not doing that. im just explaining
dwight:  and who is this “the” steve nash
jim:  phoenix suns point guard
dwight:  no
jim:  no? nothin
dwight:  no, mr. jock hipster
jim:  well, im neither of those things, so…
andy:   whoa. libby dirketts got married. big red mazel tov to the libster. ooh, says here dan becker fell off the side of kilimanjaro in a climbing accident. it appears dans sherpa survived to tell the tale-oh, my god
phyllis:  what? is dan okay
andy:  no, he died. its broccoli rob. you know this guy; i showed you his picture on facebook
phyllis:  yes
andy:  “some vermont-based alums can hear ‘broccoli rob blatt, 96, in the state milk lobbys new milk awareness song, ‘calci-yum!, featuring phishs trey anastasio. says broccoli, ‘trey and i had a ton of fun in the studio, and i think you can hear it in the song.'
phyllis:  oh, thats great news for your friend
andy:  yeah, yeah, its great
phyllis:  you know, i forget about milk. this is a terrific reminder.
andy:  i was the artsy, musical one. in here comes treble i had four solos, broccoli rob had three. right? uhh.
dwight:  go tell her were here. youre good with receptionists
jim:  oh, ha ha ha. dwight
dwight:  crap.
dwight:  danny cordray is the worst
jim:  well, by worst, you mean the best
dwight:  the best salesman ever. he works for osprey paper over in throop, steals more clients from dunder-mifflin than anyone
jim:  so, the situation is the worst
dwight:  also, he slept with pam
jim:  no, he didnt. 
jim:  tell em
pam:  nothing happened. we went on a couple of dates. he never called me again
jim:  what? he never called you? i thought you said it just fizzled
pam:  thats fizzling. i mean, someone has to start the fizzle
jim:  yeah, i thought you started it
pam:  no, i liked him. for a couple of days. four years ago.  you know i have a kid with you, right
jim:  ahhh.
dwight:  im gonna intimidate him. okay
jim:  okay, great
dwight:  watch this
jim:  -im just gonna watch
dwight:   so anyway, she says, “that is the biggest penis i have ever seen.” and i said, “i know. thats why i brought you to the penis museum, where tickets are a thousand dollars.” well, hello danny
danny:  hey, dwight. good to see you. jim, hey
jim:   how are ya
danny:  good to see you too
dwight:  what are you doing
danny:  oh, im just here for the coffee
dwight:  like hell you are
jim:  dwight
dwight:  hes not just here for the coffee, jim. wake up!
michael:  brainstorming session is now open. anyone has an idea- hold on. sorry, sorry, sorry. hello
jim:  hey, its jim. listen, this is important. are you busy
michael:  oh, hey. no, im not busy. whats up
angela:  what
oscar:  you are busy! were in a meeting
michael:  its jim, okay? yes
jim:  listen, you gotta get over here, cause were pitching steve nash and danny cordray is here
michael:  you need the big guns, yes
jim:  yes
dwight:  whatd he say? what did he say
jim:  the big gun thing.  stop
michael:  i will see you in ten. bye! hold tight.  well, i know a lot of you thought that my sales days were behind me, and to be honest, so did i…and the only reason i got out of the sales game was to be reluctantly called back in
pam:  you dont look reluctant, michael. you look really eager
michael:   no, i dont have time for this. are you kidding me
pam:  you dont
michael:  no! okay.  all right.
andy:   knockity-knock, dont knock back. just kidding you can knock; its your office. do you have a minute
darryl:  im very busy with time-sensitive work
andy:  not to go all sherlock holmes on you, but i can tell by the reflection in your glasses that youre entering points into weight watchers dot com
darryl:  if you dont enter them immediately, you forget. what
andy:  im starting a band and i need you on keyboards
darryl:  nah. i play for pleasure
andy:  this is for pleasure
darryl:  i wouldnt enjoy that
andy:  im willing to pay you
darryl:  oh, yeah
andy:  yeah
darryl:  how much
andy:  sixty bucks a session
darryl:  thats crazy money. ill take forty
andy:  yes!
dwight:  there he is
michael:  oh, no, thats a male model
jim:  no, thats him
michael:  that…hello. michael scott, dunder-mifflin paper company
danny:  danny cordray, osprey paper
michael:  nice to meet you
danny:  three of you guys for one sale
michael:  yeah, well…we call it overkill. why am i telling you my strategy
danny:  well, whatever works for ya. anyway. all right
michael:  all right
danny:  its good to see you guys. nice to meet you
michael:  buh-bye. i could swear that guy was a male model
receptionist:  hes ready for you
michael:  oh, thank you. all right. on the count of three, its showtime. ready, one, two
jim:  nope, not doing that
dwight:  ive been in showtime mode since breakfast
michael:  okay, you know-all right, just forget it then
jim:  showtime
michael:  its showtime! oh…never mind. lets go.
michael:  when i knock on your door, you know who it is; its michael scott. weve been together forever and we
steve:  michael, i appreciate everything that dunder-mifflin has done for this company
michael:  you know what? you are having some problems with your loading dock, are you not? all right. were going to deliver to you on weekends
steve:  thats very generous, but
michael:  and you know what else were gonna do? i cant believe im gonna say this…we are going to offer you our paper at cost. i know. i could get in a lotta trouble for this, so youd better shake my hand right now
dwight:  hes not kidding
michael:  shake it, shake it
steve:  michael, im going with danny
dwight:  oh
steve:  thanks for coming in
michael:  okay. thank you
steve:  thank you
michael:  thanks, steve.
dwight:  jim talked too much
jim:  no, i didnt
dwight:  yes, you did
michael:  stop it. just stop it. we did what we should have done, we just got bested.  why is there a door close button if it doesnt even close the door?
michael:  how do i feel about losing the sale? its like if michael phelps came out of retirement, jumped in the pool, belly-flopped, and drowned.
michael:  you know who we always lose out to? staples, the big guys. osprey? theyre a small company. theyre smaller than we are. whats our excuse? how do we combat this guy? stanley, how do we combat him
stanley:  we sell better
michael:  okay. you know what? you clearly dont care, so why dont you just leave
stanley:  i would like to stay. this pertains to me
michael:  why dont you go outside and…take a shot of insulin and have a nap, okay
stanley:  why do you always assume i have diabetes
michael:  i dont know, your frame, your build-why dont you have a glass of apple juice and tell me youre not a diabetic.  see? i could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you have-okay. yes, phyllis
phyllis:  i could try to seduce him
michael:  oh, my god
dwight:  i know how we can learn his tricks.
dwight:  what i am about to show you is of the utmost secrecy
jim:  is that your office
dwight:  yes, jim. and with a little tweaking, it becomes a different office. we lure danny to it and watch him sell
phyllis:  uh
stanley:  im outta here
phyllis:  this is weird
michael:  you know what this is? this is a stinger
jim:  a what
michael:  like the movie
jim:  i think you mean the sting
michael:  paul newman, robert redford. theyre bank robbers
jim:  nope. different movie
dwight:  the sting. the sting.
erin:  your two oclock.
meredith:  thanks, hun.
jim:  meredith was the perfect choice to play the head of the company. her lunch break lined up with our appointment with danny and…thats it. thats really all we were looking for.
danny:  danny cordray. its great to meet you
meredith:  meredith van helsing. pleased to meet you
jim:  meredith van helsing
dwight:  van helsing was a respected professor before he was a vampire killer
jim:  okay. but what is he more famous for
michael:  shhh! hey! thats my mug
jim:  you know this isnt real tv, right
michael:  yes.
darryl and andy:   please mr. president, if you wanna give hope a whirl, bring our troops home safe and sound, says this little girl
andy:   please mr. president
darryl:  one second, one second, one second.  so, this song is from the point of view of a little girl
andy:  yeah
darryl:  but youre singing it
andy:  yeah, but im using my falsetto
darryl:  no, thats not a good idea. i dont see that as a very good song
andy:  yeah, well, itd sound a lot better if you actually sang with some soul
darryl:  oh, i never sing with soul
andy:  thats a lie
kevin:  i could sing it
andy:  i just was hoping to maybe save your voice in case we did a novelty song about frogs
kevin:  but my voice is unique. like bob dylan
andy:  okay, three-way argument between a drummer, a keyboardist, and the front man lead singer. wonder whos gonna win this one. two, three, four-
danny:  im gonna take off my coat, if you dont mind. its a bit warm in here
meredith:  hel-lo
michael:  oh, no, no. no. dont
dwight:  people cant keep their true natures hidden for long, and this guy is smoldering like a tire fire
michael:  testify
jim:  okay, hes not that good-looking. i dont understand why everybodys obsessed with this
michael:  yeah, he is that good-looking
dwight:  hes very, very handsome
michael:  okay
meredith:  thats a great set of shoulders you got there. what is that…genetics? creatine?  sorry. yeah
michael:  pull it together, all right? stop lookin at him
meredith:  im sorry.  youre here to sell me some paper
danny:  well, actually, uh… no, miss van helsing, thats not why im here. im here to meet you, see if wed be a, you know, good fit
meredith:  what do you mean
michael:  oh…my god! hes making her sell to him.
andy:   okay. honest feedback time. oscar
oscar:  its pandering. and it makes me think you think im stupid
andy:  but do you think it could be famous? like in a car commercial or something
pam:  not really. its kinda weird that a grown man is singing from the point of view of a little girl
andy:  i feel like i can see someone ice skating to it. you know, like in the olympics
ryan:  i-i dont think they usually…skate to such…bad songs
andy:  rude. and not helpful
creed:  well, i really, really, really liked it
andy:  well, that…really bums me out
creed:  youre welcome.
danny:  we should think of this as a first date. and i think its going very well, how bout you
meredith:  real well. uh…feels more like a third date to me
danny:  ha ha, okay, there you go!
michael:  stay
meredith:  shut up and let me do this!  you know, what is with this desk keeping us so far apart
danny:  ive never been a desk man. always traveling on the road. come on…why not, huh
dwight:  oh
danny:  well, well get this
michael:  oh
dwight:  oh, man
meredith:  so, whats your drink? you a vodka man? me too
jim:  we gotta get someone else in there right now.
jim:  youre an exec at pennsylvania solartech and
oscar:  that sounds fake
jim:  what do you mean
dwight:  i told you! youre an exec at stark industries, a corporation you inherited from your father
jim:  will you stop? stop it, stop it. heres the story-they need meredith somewhere else asap, okay
oscar:  okay
jim:  so youre taking over. you just gotta get her out of there as soon as you can
oscar:  all right. i can do that. then what
dwight:  then make him pitch to you
jim:  yes
dwight:  we gotta see what hes got
jim:  exactly. you can do this
dwight:  okay, and remember-youre not gay
jim:  stop it! its gonna be great
oscar:  okay
jim:  and listen if anything else happens, just…roll with it.
oscar:  meredith, i
meredith:  oh, manuel! this is manuel, my cleaning man. he doesnt speak any english
danny:  hola. que tal
oscar:  como estas, senor
meredith:  uh, manuel, cleano el window
jim:  who else we got?
dwight:  okay. youre a young hotshot from stark industries. youve just bought this company. meredith is fired. its a whole new regime. hes gotta pitch to you now
ryan:  okay. stark industries isnt real. i run google. larry and sergey brought me in
jim:  great. sounds awesome. just have him pitch to you
michael:  dont let us down
ryan:   will do.  wont do.
danny:  yeah, sure
meredith:  you smell like a scorpio.  this is…esteban…another cleaning man. he doesnt speak english either. esteban, el flooro
danny:  you know what? i may have parked my car in a compact space, and i hate when i see others do that, so
meredith:  danny, i feel a real connection to you, and i gotta get real, im
michael:  no, no, no…
jim:  no, no, no, no
michael:  im goin ‘in
dwight:  michael! no, michael, stop it! no
michael:  stop, stop! oh, my god!  okay. stop it, stop it, stop it. gross! stop it, please. everybody, stop
danny:  michael scott
michael:  i said stop. okay, danny…this is not pennsylvania solartech. this is dunder-mifflin paper company. this is meredith palmer
meredith:  please to meet you
michael:  dont! get away from him. please, just leave. get out of here. go. forever
danny:  hmm
michael:  i owe you…a most sincere and humble apology. we were trying to watch you to see your sales technique, so we could stop losing so many clients to you
danny:  but from where
michael:  a surveillance room next to this one
danny:  okay, so you…set up this fake company, then you hired this homeless woman to impersonate an executive to spy on me so that you could copy my sales technique
michael:  yes. and its the sincerest form of flattery
danny:  or…crazy
michael:  well
danny:  im gonna go
michael:  okay. you know what, it wasnt just me. jim and dwight are behind that wall in the surveillance room and it was their plan as well
dwight:  no
jim:  no, no, no, no
danny:  oh, well then, yeah. all right. hey!  good luck, guys. seems like you got a great operation here
michael:  no, we dont. heres-heres my point. danny, listen, you have to understand that we are not normally like this. we just-we wanted to know your tricks
danny:  what do you mean, my tricks? theres no tricks, man. im just a good salesman. you wanna copy that? you cant copy that!
michael:  you are, you are. you are! stop it, stop it. stop.  you are a good salesman. and because of that…i want you to work for me
danny:  sure. you seem like a fun, professional guy
michael:  so, you will
danny:   no
michael:  hold it, hold it.  hold on, hold on. wait, wait, wait, wait. wait. wait. danny, i want you to look at me. do you want your life to be better…or to be worse or to stay the same
danny:  get out of my way
michael:  answer the question. do you want a better life, danny
danny:  i swear to god, im gonna hit you. i didnt mean that. im sorry. im not-its just im very upset right now
michael:  i know, i know
danny:  im very upset
michael:  do you want more freedom, less freedom, or to stay the same
danny:  more freedom
michael:  i can give you more money-theres your better life. i can let you come and go as you please-theres your freedom. and you already know dunder-mifflin has the best service and the best prices, but you beat us anyway. can you imagine how well you would do selling our stuff?
michael:  everyone, may i have your attention? i would like to introduce you to mr. danny cordray. he is going to be joining us as our new traveling salesman. say hello to danny
kelly:   me
michael:  o-kay. you know what? no. no. this is not some sort of construction site…or all of italy, where you can just go around treating people like meat. we are to respect him. i respect him because he reminds me of somebody. can anybody guess who that is
kelly:  josh duhamel
angela:  yeah, i can see that
michael:  no. no. no. somebody in this office
kevin:  hes like a better-looking andy
andy:  thanks, kevin
michael:  no, me. right? sorta like…a little younger version of me
oscar:  its hard to judge ourselves accurately, isnt it
dwight:  michael
michael:  yes
dwight:  can i talk to you about something
michael:  no, you may not
dwight:  its about this very announcement you just made
michael:  i said no
dwight:  michael
michael:  were not
jim:  michael, i think you really want to talk to him
michael:  okay. lets-all right, all right. lets talk. please dont let him leave.  dont leave. dont let him
erin:  gotcha.
jim:  you hired him
michael:  guys, let me ask you something. do you want your life to be better or worse or stay the same
all:  stay the same
michael:  okay. well…get ready, cause its gonna get better
phyllis:  its not gonna get better; hes gonna steal all of our clients
michael:  no, no. wrong. he would have stolen your clients, but you know what? he cant now. this guy used to steal sales from us; now, hes going to steal sales for us
dwight:  wheres he gonna sit? theres no more seats
michael:  he doesnt need to sit, hes a traveling salesman. look, i am not going to exclude good people from our staff simply because they are threatening to you. and unless you have a better argument than that, i suggest you leave
stanley:  hmpf
dwight:  wheres he gonna park? theres no more reserved parking spots
michael:  good-bye!
darryl:  songs about truth
kevin:  yeah
darryl:  whats something you really care about
andy:  reverse snobbery
darryl:  more universal
andy:  sometimes i feel like life has passed me by
darryl:  couldnt get outta bed today. wish the alarm clock would go away
kevin:  oh, nice
andy:  holy crap. are you kidding me? you just made that-thats amazing
darryl:  go ahead
andy:   which me am i gonna be today
darryl:  which me am i gonna be today
andy:  i gotta closet full of mes. am i gonna be the happy me
kevin:  or the me that stinks
andy:  oh, my gosh! were almost out of time. how much for another half hour
darryl:  oh, dont worry about it
andy:  wait. seriously
darryl:  yeah
andy:  so were just, like, jamming as friends
darryl:  one, two, three, hit it
andy:  closet full of mes-
danny:  oh, you know…funny. your wife and i went on a few dates
jim:  did ya
danny:  yeah. way ,way, way back
jim:  im just kidding. she told me about it
danny:  oh. she was not into me
jim:  oh
danny:  obviously. i dont even think she called me back
dwight:  you snubbed her
jim:  dwight, please
dwight:  let me handle this, jim. drop the act, cordray, okay? we all know that you probably thought that pam was too “meh” or thin without being toned. but i wanna tell you something-she is one of the plain hearty women of scranton that make this city great. and so what if she doesnt wear makeup?  we like her better that way! and you steal clients, dont you? dont you
danny:  okay…thats different
dwight:  oh, thats different, is it? okay…thief. you better check your things, people. in fact, where are my keys? oh, there in my pocket. false alarm. okay.  so…youre gonna be workin here
danny:  uh…i mean-yeah
dwight:  welcome aboard
danny:  thank you
jim:  hey, crazy, um…so…thats it? youre just-youre fine
dwight:  its after 5:00, jim. im not gonna take this home.
danny:  oh
dwight:  pleasure
danny:  thanks.
michael:  this morning, danny cordray stole a sale from me. so what do i do? i go out and i steal danny cordray. the sale that mattered, i made. boom. funny thing about it, we dont even need him. we already have packer on the road. chhguuh! crap. i forgot about packer.
kevin:   suns in her eyes, tongue full of flies. would you like to share my paaaaaaad
all:  croak, croak, croak. bullfrog in love. croak, croak, croak. bullfrog in love and i gave her the croak that meant i love you
darryl:  ill be your croak monsieur
andy:   ill be your croak madame
kevin:  your mama mighta said that bullfrogs are dogs, but im here to tell you that i am a frog! come and sit on my log, you little pollywog
darryl:  i find you absolutely ribbiting
all:  croak, croak, croak. bullfrog in love
andy:  croak, croak, croak. bullfrog in love
kevin:  croak
andy:  ribbit
darryl:  scoopity-splash
kevin:  nice.
