andy:  what about this one? its kinda badass, right? just seems kinda crazy in a way i might need right now
jim:  i dont know.  oh! thats… not… yours.
jim:  stanley just drank oj out of my mug, and didnt seem to realize that it wasnt his hot coffee. so the question has to be asked, is there no limit to what he wont notice?
stanley:  whats a seven letter word for purse
kevin:   satchel
stanley:  nope. starts with an h
andy:   handbag
stanley:  hmmm.  thank you.
andy:  shh! shhh! 
michael:   all right, everybody, take a seat. as you may have heard, our branch on the planet jupiter is up eight thousand percent in sales!
all:  yay! 
stanley:   hold up! that clock is slow. it is five oclock, i will see you all tomorrow
pam:   bye, stanley! love you!
dwight:   so long, stanley
stanley:  night, everybody.
oscar:  so what kind of statement are you making with that costume, kevin
kevin:  the statement that i am making, oscar, is that i kind of look like michael moore.
erin:  dunder mifflin, this is erin! happy halloween! how can i haunt you today?
michael:  a lot of people are really getting into halloween this year!  six seconds, macgruber!  pams got a lot of fun stuff planned!  uh, two seconds macgruber!  including a… costume contest, and bobbing for apples, and a ouija board… ohhh! boom! ohh explosion!  macgruberrrr!
pam:  people are really into the costume contest this year. might have something to do with the prize, maybe youve heard of it. the 2011 scranton wilkes-barre coupon book worth over fifteen thousand dollars in savings!
jim:  stop.
dwight:   too late! if i was the real scranton strangler, youd be so strangled right now. if youre out there, strangler, you will get caught! by me.
jim:  sounds like someones really trying to convince us that hes not the scranton strangler
dwight:  to my chickens im the scranton strangler. oh-ho! thats very funny. looks like someone decided to dress up as old dwight schrutes mom
pam:  what
dwight:  youre only one third as beautiful and only half her height
pam:  im supposed to be olive oyl. and it makes more sense when im standing next to popeye, but… jim doesnt want to put his costume on
jim:   i am popeye!
jim:  ive never really been a costume guy. even when i was a kid, it just felt like something i was too old for. and then this morning, when pam hands me this little number  …no.
gabe:   in case you cant read m-m-my poker face…  we will be reviewing our sales policies.  i have ten seconds to read them or this whole place blows up
michael:  macgruber
todd packer:  lame. why dont witches wear panties?
michael:  oh, here we go
todd packer:  because they need to grip the broom
michael:   oh! who likes to water ski on lake erie? no wai-where does dracula like to water ski
dwight:  lake erie.
gabe: when our warehouse workers make deliveries, theyre going to be encouraged to offer clients extra products. and then they will split those commissions with sales
michael:  so, wait, drivers are going to be able to sell paper on the road
gabe:  that is correct
todd packer:  has anyone started calling you “gabe-wad” yet
gabe:  not here
danny:  gabe-wad
gabe:  okay, guys, fun is fun, but-
michael:  blackula
darryl:  dracula
michael:  oh, so… i almost forgot. youll find this hilarious. apparently corporate is going to have drivers sell paper on their routes now. thats like, exactly sort of the idea that you had
darryl:  yes. i do remember saying something like that to you.
michael:  yeah. im sorry. i blew this. you should have gotten credit for that, man
darryl:  im just glad were gonna try it out
michael:  really? were good
darryl:  yeah. were cool
michael:  okay.  okay
darryl:  whats under your shirt
michael:  oh. its a ream of paper. thought you might hit me.
michael:  darryl philbin is the greatest guy in the world. and you know what id like? i would like to have all the racists brought together and take darryl philbin out to lunch. just to see what theyre missing.
toby:   its a great stick, right
ryan: its really good. its a classic. i think you might win the whole thing with that
toby:  thanks
oscar:  everyone realizes that this coupon book isnt actually worth fifteen thousand dollars, right? youd have to spend two hundred thousand dollars on crap you dont actually need to get fifteen thousand dollars worth of benefits. im not the only one who sees this, right
toby:  no
ryan:  no
kelly:  i get that. i get that.
danny:  excuse me, everybody. i want to invite you all to the halloween party im having at my bar
kevin:  you own a bar
danny:  public school, at exit 11.
oscar:  thats a great name. youre hilarious. a plus
danny:  so. youre all on the list
ryan:  hey, man, can i get a plus five? its all guys
creed:  hey, whats the crowd like, danny? our age
danny:  okay.
kevin:  i dont think that she would leave jim for danny
phyllis:  i dont know, theyre both handsome
dwight:  pam is gonna choose whoever has a scent most like that of her father. does anyone remember what her dad smelled like
phyllis:  i think he
creed:  hey hey hey, quiet, here she comes! did you hear about that danny guy? heard he used to date pam.
jim:  so four years ago, when i was in stamford, connecticut, and dating someone else, pam went on two dates with danny. which was obviously the greatest love story ever told, given how much people are walking on eggshells around us
pam:  we were basically romeo and juliet
jim:  thats right
pam:  except where juliet doesnt have that great a time and romeo doesnt call back after two dates
jim:  yikes
pam:  but ive learned to love again.  hes a cartoon sailor
jim:  oh, no
pam:  and looks so handsome in his uniform! please
jim:  no. no, im not gonna-no.
andy:  tuna! tuna! do you want us to skip this party
jim:  i dont care.
kevin:  i am never gonna forget what danny did to pam. i forget nothing. im like an elephant in that way
andy:  you know what else?  the-this… this sucks for jim. right? but it also sucks for us. because we dont get invited to a ton of halloween parties.
kevin:  yeah, and everyone else is gonna be there. stanley, phyllis, angela, darryl… creeds a maybe
andy:   creeds going?!
jim:  madge from the warehouse just made her first sale. madge. we should have been doing this a long time ago.
michael:  erin! would you please do me a solid and get darryl philbin on the speakerphone
darryl:   hello
michael:  hi, darryl, come out here, please
darryl:  im good
michael:  you need to stop being so shy, come out here, and embrace who you really are, superstar
darryl:  this is embarrassing, michael
michael:  yeah, i bet it is! if youre gonna do your job well here, you gotta get used to being embarrassed
darryl:  let me put my shoes on.
pam:   um, hit the speakerphone button. the speakerphone button? the same button as you hit before… or sit on it
michael:  this whole delivery slash sales idea? you know whose idea that was? that was darryl philbins. he thought of that way before the corporate fat suits
angela:  so, what happened
michael:  i got in the way. i said no. and it just stopped. but then corporate comes up with this idea, but you know what? they need to know that it was yours. and i dont care if i take a bullet. were gonna call them, were gonna put them on speakerphone right now
erin:  oh!
michael:  and we are going to straighten this out
andy:  screw corporate! they probably stole the idea anyway
michael:  mmhm
gabe:  uh uh. corporate stole nothing, okay? darryl told me, and then i told them, giving darryl full credit, so… no need to  screw corporate! or anything like that, so. lets give darryl a round of applause, as planned. 
michael:  im a little peeved at darryl right now
dwight:  he went to gabe behind your back
michael:  no, he didnt go behind my back. he went over my head
dwight:  he went over your head to go behind your back.
michael:  what is taking someone from behind
dwight:  no. shh. michael, listen. this cannot stand. we cant have workers going straight to corporate. makes your job superfluous.
michael:  it was a good idea, though
dwight:  yeah. heres another good idea. corporate chain of command. we need to strangle darryls idea.
andy:  hey, danny
danny:  hey
andy:  im really sorry, but we cant come to your party tonight
danny:  i was looking forward to throwing some darts with you guys
andy:  you were
kevin:  okay, well then, uh, i mean,maybe we could do it like… next halloween
danny:  for sure
andy:  were just like, totally caught in the middle here
danny:  what are you talking about
andy:  well jim and pam basically begged us not to go
danny:  jim and pam really dont want you to go
kevin:  theyre really upset about the whole danny situation
danny:  ill talk to them
kevin:  yeah, but wait, dont tell them that we said anything to you
danny:  okay
kevin:  or youre dead
danny:  okay
kevin:  okay.
erin:  kelly! great costume
toby:  oh
angela:  kelly! you cannot change costumes in the middle of the day! pam, shes out
kelly:  um, if im out, im going to sue this entire company for discrimination
oscar:  guys? youre arguing over a one in sixteen chance. over a prize worth… forty bucks
kelly:  um, fifteen thousand bucks, oscar
angela:  yeah, shut it, oscar. pam?
angela:  this is an amazing prize. i mean, i dont even want to give pam a compliment, because shes so blegh, but she did a good job. i really want that coupon book.
dwight:  garbage magnet.  garbage magnet, god! magnets are interesting enough, you dont need to tart them up with some design.  i cant believe this doesnt make you mad
michael:   what the hell are they talking about
dwight:  hmm, kevin and gabe. probably about the extremes of the human physique
michael:  do you think that kevin is going over my head? i dont- oh my god. okay. all right. all right. you know what? thats inappropriate, kevin. i am your boss, and if you have something to say, it goes through me, and then i take it to gabe. chain of command. do you understand
kevin:  i am so sorry
michael:  oh, youre sorry?
kevin:  i just thought
michael:  what did you just thought?
kevin:  well, gabe asked me if there were any really cool lady gaga moves that he could do for the catwalk. and so then i tol-
michael:  all right
kevin:  i told him that there was this one cool move where she powers down like a robot
michael:  okay
kevin:  okay? but i- i am so sorry that i didnt tell you first
michael:  well, dont let it happen again
kevin:   you think that i would let this happen again?! no way jose
michael:  i
kevin:   you, gabe
gabe:  okay…
danny:  can you imagine? its just crazy
jim:  that is crazy. we would never care if andy or kevin went to your party
danny:  look, im just glad we can laugh about it. because i was a little nervous about coming to work here, with, you know, our history
pam:  oh, my gosh! people keep blowing it out of proportion! its not even a history
danny:  exactly
jim:  its not like you guys had some long relationship right? big painful breakup i dont know about?
danny:  no! two or three dates
pam:  it was two
danny:  was it two? i thought it was three
pam:  no, we um, we had plans for a third, but then i dont know, you never called me back, so
jim:  oooh! you cant handle the truth!
danny:   well, that does not sound like me.
pam:  yeah?  it was though, thats what happened.
danny:   well, great, i just wanted to make sure that things werent weird
pam:  hmm-mm.
michael:  okay, this whole going over my head-gate? is making people act weird. the chain of command is crumbling. do you know what just happened? i just made kevin cry. and gabe looks like lady gaga. thats not halloween. halloween should be a day in which we honor monsters and not be mad at each other
darryl:  im not mad. are you mad
michael:  you went over my head. and then you lied to my face. so my head and my face have taken a beating
darryl:  well, im sorry if it seems that way to you
michael:  okay, that might help. if you said “im sorry” in front of everybody
darryl:  mike
michael:  in front of me
darryl:  you made a bad call. and i fixed it. so im not apologizing
michael:  so thats it
darryl:  thats it
michael:  is it?
darryl:  yes.
andy:  sookehhh.  bill compton, from true blood
stanley:  how many freakin vampires am i supposed to care about these days?
oscar:  i guess you could say im still in costume. im a rational consumer
phyllis:  oh
oscar:  stupid coupon booklet. have you seen my costume? im a rational consumer
ryan:  yeah, i uh, heard you say it to phyllis. thats a good line
pam:  okay, everybody! after you walk the runway everyone has to vote for who gets the coupon book. and you cant vote for yourself
kevin:  pam. can you vote for other people
michael:  yeah, i gotta get in on this.  hey, its cool, man, i work in the warehouse! im cool! im hip and im jive! and i dont care about nobody! do you know who i am? happy halloween, jerk!
michael:  still dont know who i am? ill give you a hint. i go over other peoples heads
pam:  michael, this is a bad idea
michael:  whats a bad idea
pam:  dressing up as somebody-i mean, when has that ever worked for you
michael:  never!  okay, you know what? fine.im not darryl. and thank god im not darryl
kelly:  could you for once just let us enjoy a party instead of making it about all your issues?
stanley:   raaah! 
oscar:  i present to you the  rational consumer, as it were.
pam:  angela as the nurse!
angela:  i dont like your tone! look, they were sold out of all the other costumes, okay? i think we all live in the real world, here. lets not pretend to be unaware of what sells in this office.
phyllis:  what should we ask
michael:  hey, can i play? why dont you ask if darryl is a bad friend who backstabs people in the back
jim:  we have one question to ask the spirit world and you want us to ask that
erin:  he says no
michael:  aaah! darryl moved it. you moved it
darryl:  no
michael:  dwight, you saw darryl move it, right
dwight:  lets just say i saw exactly what the two of you wanted me to see.
dwight:  i know how to sit on a fence. hell, i can even sleep on a fence. the trick is to do it face down with the post in your mouth.
michael:  if you had one word you would use to describe darryl what would that word be
erin:   a… s… s… h… e… t
phyllis:  an asset
erin:  ah!  thats enough.
danny:  i dont think its gonna work out the way you think
todd packer:  i dont think you get it
danny:  hey
jim:  hey
danny:  this is some party, huh
jim:  when you work hard, you play hard around here.even if you dont work hard. oh, heres something. uh, why didnt you ever call pam back
danny:  are you serious
jim:  yeah. i mean, im not saying that everyone has to fall in love, or anything, im just saying… but you know, to not even call her back is
danny:  you know what it was? i think she gave me her number but then her fours look like eights, and
jim:  could be. but you also called her the second time so you had the number right
todd packer:  halpert, you lookin for someone to bang your wife
jim:  nope.
danny:  okay. you wanna know?i didnt call her back because she spent the whole date talking about you. she was obviously in love with you.
ryan:  fifty seven. fifty eight.
meredith:  wait, wait. she hasnt moved in awhile
oscar:   erin
erin:  two! i got two. i ate two whole apples.
pam:  id remember talking about jim. that wasnt it
jim:  just tell her the real reason
danny:  do you honestly want to know why i didnt call her back on a date over four years ago
jim:  hey. she had a nice time. it seems rude
pam:  i did. and its just one of those things thats going to keep gnawing at me, like “gnaw, gnaw, why? why didnt he? i have no idea why.
danny:  okay. honestly. i didnt call you back because i-thought you seemed a little… dorky.
jim:  hey, man
pam:  thank you! thank you. i got it. now i know. you thought i was a little dorky. you know?  okay. well, excuuuuse me.
gabe:  in the future, you need to get michaels approval on anything before coming to me.
michael:  thank you
darryl:  youre gonna be missing out on some good ideas
gabe:  okay, well, obviously if its a really, really good idea, my door is open.
michael:  if theyre good ideas, im not gonna say no
darryl:  you said no to this one
michael:  that was-okay, you make one mistake in fifteen years and you drag me over the coals, after everything i did for you
darryl:  what have you done for me
michael:  oh
darryl:  what have you done for me?
michael:  well
darryl:  ed truck hired me. jo promoted me. gabe listened to me. all youve ever done is say no to me. i have ambition. and you kept me at the same level for years
gabe:  ohh. dropping bombs, right?  this really make you think, michael
michael:  stop it! stop, stop. were thinking. were thinking about it
gabe:  yeah
michael:  you dont have to point to the fact that were thinking about it. stop it! just let us think. okay, next time you have a really great idea, we will put it in a hat, and then we will have erin pick it out of the hat and let her decide
darryl:  i dont understand the point of a hat
gabe:  youre right, we dont need a hat
michael:  i am not budging on the hat issue
gabe:  okay. were going to table the hat question. the best ideas are going to come to me, i make the final decision, period
michael:  okay. we both reserve the right to go to jo if we disagree with gabe
gabe:  okay, why dont we simplify this? darryl brings it to michael, michael brings it to me, no one calls jo
michael:  unless you and i decide we want to talk to jo, then well give her a call
darryl:  cool. okay. sorry i lied
michael:  sorry i was a jerk.
michael:  friends fight. friends fight.
andy:  whats up, man
darryl:  sometimes it seems like it was better down in the warehouse, you know
andy:  when i was a freshman in college, i worked at the student newspaper, the cornell daily sun? this was at cornell. i had to write an op-ed column every day.bernards regards.
darryl:  this was your freshman year
andy:  i started to ask myself, “do i have big plans here?” i didnt want to become editor of that paper, so i got up and walked right out of walter bernard hall, and thats actually when i heard eight male voices, singing, unencumbered by instruments. i was hooked. so is becoming ceo of this company your a capella group?come on, were going to dannys bar. public school
darryl:  no. i got some work to do. i do got big plans with this company.
jim:  to be honest, i still cant believe he didnt call her back. who doesnt call a dork like that back?
pam:  oh, wow
jim:   spinach in a can. power eat spinach.
pam:  aww, my hero!
pam:  okay, everyone, ive tallied the votes, and the winner… of the costume celebration spectacular… and the scranton wilkes-barre coupon book… oscar martinez.
kelly:  if i have to vote for someone, i dont want it to be someone who can beat me.
ryan:  shake things up. im a nader guy.
creed:  best edward james olmos costume ive ever seen. like, freaky good.
