pam:  i know a lot of us have been feeling under the weather lately. its that time of year. and according to a study done by the university of arizona, theyve discovered that your keyboards have hundreds of times more bacteria, per square inch, than a toilet seat
kelly:  i heard your momma had more bacteria per square inch than a toilet seat
michael:  thats true, thats true. i dated her momma, and you know what
jim:  stop
michael:   um… kay. uh, alright
pam:  one of the simplest ways to cut down on the spread of germs is to use something called the vampire cough
erin:  di-did you say vampire
pam:  oh, no, its just that if a vampire had to cough, he would do it like this.
dwight:  uh-huh. right. and ruin their cloaks? do you have any idea how expensive wool is in transylvania?  ‘cause of the euro
pam:  well, other things you can do to help cut down on the spread of disease are to wash your hands regularly. dont come in if youre sick
dwight:   uh…
pam:  and get your flu shot. also, im going to set up hand sanitizing stations around the office
dwight:  no, no, no. they will cost you your life
jim:  elaborate
dwight:  the worst thing you can do for your immune system is to coddle it. they need to fight their own battles. if sabre really cared about our well-being, they would set up hand de-sanitizing stations. a simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt, vomit, fecal matter…
pam:  im not – im not going to do that. im not going to do that
dwight:  exposing yourself to germs is the best way to make yourself stronger
jim:  so by that rationale, if i had to sneeze, i should just sneeze on you
dwight:  yes. i would welcome it
jim:   youre welcome.
dwight:  the principle is sound. to avoid illness, expose yourself to germs, enabling your immune system to develop antibodies. i dont know why everyone doesnt do this. maybe they have something against living forever.
angela:  jim. pam.  and the precious bundle of gods gift to everything.  i wish you both a pleasant day.  and you too. yes. praise god. ok.
pam:  ceces getting christened today
jim:  big day
pam:  everyone from work is here. we werent planning on that
jim:  nope.
michael:  top of the sunday morning to you
andy:  and a top of the day to you too, sir
ryan:  hope you brought your pipes. were about to smoke the opium of the masses
michael:  oh, yes.  doobie-doobie doo.
michael:  i invited everyone in the office because its not a day for just jim or pam or the baby or me. it is about us all. and i thought we should all celebrate… my joy. and our, all of ours joys.
andy:   ah, man. 
andy:  does the nard-dog want nard-pups? yeah. i want a big ol litter of nard-pups. all jumping around, sucking on the teet. put em in a box, give em to my neighbors. yeah, i want kids.
dwight:   for all your paper and printer needs. for all your paper and printer needs. for all your paper and printer needs.
toby:  sunday church service… its been a few years. the big guy and i, we got some catching up to do.
michael:   hey. hey. i got an offer that you cant refuse. scooch over
pam:  oh, michael, this is just for family
michael:  but im the godfather
jim:  it is really funny, but you know that can be confusing at a christening because you are not the godfather
michael:  are you talking to me
jim:   ok, your turn
michael:  scooch. before i shoot you in the head
pam:  okay, michael. um, you know i love when you do that voice, but today, im so sorry. i need you to tell me that you know youre not ceces godfather
michael:  yeah
pam:  im sorry, michael. i need you to say it. im so sorry
michael:   im not the godfather
pam:  okay, thank you
michael:   so who is the godfather
pam:  our friend, seth, and his wife there
michael:  okay. old friend, like, youve known him since kindergarten
pam:  no, i met his wife in mommy and me. theyre a great couple. you should meet them later
michael:  no, i have plenty of friends, so… all right, well, you have great seats. enjoy the show
pam:  okay. thank you for coming, michael.
michael:  i dont even know how to say this, but cece is turning out to be a little b-i-t-c-h. and thats not true, but her parents are kind of boxing me out.
pastor:  good morning
all:  good morning
michael:  good morning
pastor:  what a terrific day this is, and not just because the eagles are playing.
 pastor:  you may have seen the bus out front. today we also say good-bye to our young adult ministry. theyre leaving for three months to build a school for the village of quimixto, in cabo corrientes, mexico
ryan:  ive heard of that place. if you go to cabo san lucas, all the prostitutes are from cabo corrientes.
toby:   okay, this is, all right, this is silly.   nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope…
pastor:  thank you. anyone else with a prayer or a remembrance?
dwight:  good morning. dwight schrute. thank you all for your prayers and your remembrances. like justin and his disfigurement, i too have had a horrible year. they say that the middle class is disappearing, and with it, the soul of america. so, as a gift to this beautiful congregation, i would like to offer a 4% discount on all dunder mifflin sabre products if you buy a printer at full price.
pastor:  christening calls to repentance, to faithfulness, and to discipleship. weve come to celebrate these babies
pam:   somebody needs a change
jim:  right now
pam:  well, she cant bring this up with her
jim:  okay. all right, come on.  where are we going? where are we going? were gonna take a little field trip.
jim:   okay. okay. theres my girl. all right. hold on one second. there we go. whats that face for? oh, my-oh, my god. cece, no. no, no, no, not on the dress! cece, stop!
pam:   what
jim:  what
pam:  honey, no
jim:  yes
pam:  no, no
jim:  this is happening
pam:  we have an extra outfit in the bag
jim:  no. theres no extra outfit in the bag
pam:  you said you checked it
jim:  i did… say that
pastor:  at this time, will the families please come join me?
michael:  jim and pam and cece really seem to be clicking. they are totally gelling. its as if they leave my office and they go to another office that sells happiness. and good for them. thats great, because, you know, the paper industrys not gonna last forever.
pastor:  before we go, id like to remind everyone that the “halberts” have been kind enough to host a reception next door immediately following the service
jim:  mm. no. wrong on both counts.
jim:  okay, “a,” halbert. and, “b,” i think a more appropriate statement would be, “the ‘halberts are hosting an intimate reception for their invited guests.”
ryan:  for all their generosity of spirit, they password-protect their wireless
kelly:  try “jesus.
dwight:  opus dei
michael:  good morning
michael:  good morning
ryan:  hello
dwight:  shh, shh, shh.
michael:   how are you? good morning. good morning.
lady:  good morning.
michael:  i am feeling this. call it the holy spirit or the passion of the christ. i am loving these people.
jim:  hey
jim:  oh, well, dave is an adorable baby
doug:  davey
jim:  yeah.
pam:  wow
angela:  well, this is intimate
pam:  we just had to add a few more tables. we werent expecting this many people
angela:  you dont know them all
pam:  nope, and were gonna need a loaves and fishes kind of miracle to feed em all
angela:  jesus is not your caterer.  but he should be your caterer cause youre a little angel. why didnt your parents get you a caterer?  they dont think
pam:   hm. dont listen to her. shes just jealous cause she doesnt get to come home to someone as cute as you
jim:  huh, you think she is jealous about having a baby
pam:  i dont know. im just hungry
jim:  okay, well, you know what? everybodys hungry.  sorry. i think im just hungry.
michael:  oh, after you
michael:  no, i insist. after me
michael:  thank you. you too.
stanley:  this is not the meal i was promised. im going to have no energy for the rest of the day
kevin:  i cancelled my plans to come to this thing, and they repay me with this
michael:  you know what, guys, lets just enjoy lunch
kevin:  with what? how? sometimes, michael. sometimes.
girl:  excuse me, everyone, on behalf of the youth ministry thats leaving for mexico, i just wanted to thank our hosts and tell you about those good-looking guys and gals over there.
ryan:   teach for america girls are way hotter, but theyre nuts.
girl:  this is jessica ortega. i met her when both she and i were both seven years old when my parents took me to quimixto on a service trip
phyllis:   who takes a kid to mexico
stanley:  i would run to mexico if thats where the sandwiches are
michael:  shh.
girl:  right now, jessicas children have to walk twelve miles to a school with dirt floors
michael:  no
girl:  its gonna be three months of hard work and when were done, well practically be quimixtanos.
dwight:  greg, hello, its dwight from the vestibule. you want to know my eleventh commandment? i will not be undersold
michael:   hey, dwight. dwight, hey
dwight:  i am ready to love thy neighbor with these kind of discounts
michael:  are you kidding me? stop it
dwight:  ill call you back.
girl:  my parents explained it to me this way. you wouldnt hesitate to save a family member from a burning building, but what if the earth was your building and all the people on it were your family
andy:  what if the moon was your car and jupiter was your hair brush
michael:  shh
girl:  thank you. or should i say gracias?
pam:   cece went down
woman:   what was this? youre out of it
jim:  scones
woman:  i didnt get one
pam:  well, if it makes you feel better, i didnt get one either
woman:  is it just the one jug of apple cider?
pam:  who the heck was that
jim:  i think that was sconesy cider, noted baptism reception critic
pam:  we need more food. ill go get some subs and sodas
jim:  all right. and cider.
michael:   look at that. look at that. thats fun. we need to do stuff together outside of work. lets go help africa. lets go build an airport. well start small. well have a car wash. well send some cheerleaders to regionals
stanley:  you could feed the hungry. us
oscar:  why do we have to do something together? i volunteer at a clinic on my own time
michael:  yeah, well, thats just a pick-up scene. okay, we dont have to volunteer. but i think we should hang out more together
darryl:  we are hanging out-right now. you want some more of this
michael:  look at these people. these are church-going people. and they know how to party
phyllis:  church isnt a party, michael
michael:  well, its, its
ryan:  welcome to the party. everybody have their kool-aid
michael:  no. okay, you know what? this is inappropriate. what is wrong with you guys? what is wrong with you? what is so horrible about wanting to get together and do something nice? why did you guys even come today? whats so great about your lives that you think youre better than everybody else? that you can make fun of everybody else? youre mean. youre mean girls. like the movie, mean girls. and kevin and stanley, if you dont stop worrying so much about what youre gonna put in your gullet, youre gonna die in about a month.
jim:  oh, hey, mee-maw, would you watch cece for a second? dont worry. shes asleep. im just gonna track down some more chairs
mee-maw:  fine, fine. i guess ill watch suzannes purse and your baby.
michael:   bye. good luck. good luck to you. bye. do good. do good. bye. have fun. were proud of you.  bye. okay.
michael:   hey. hey. is this the bus to mexico
students:  yeah!
michael:   ill take a shirt
guy:  are you coming
michael:  if youll have me, yes
guy:  heck, yes
michael:  really?  thank you. all right.
oscar:   michael. get off the bus
michael:  no, im not. im staying on the bus. im already on the bus. im going
gabe:  michael, this is irresponsible
michael:  it is not irresponsible! i have never been more confident about a decision in my life
darryl:  i agree. i think its superb
gabe:  well, you have a job to do. okay, there is no off-season when it comes to printer sales
michael:  you know what, my job will be here when i get back
andy:  michael, you cant go to mexico. you dont have your passport.
guy:   you dont need one to get in. plus, we can just have it sent to him down in mexico
michael:  hey, right
phyllis:  michael, what am i supposed to tell my clients if they ask about you
michael:  tell them that i died, and i turned into an angel, and when they feel a breeze in a room with all the windows closed or that-that chill on the back of their neck, that is just me watching over them
phyllis:  okay, but what about the bigger corporate accounts
michael:  tell them that im in a meeting
dwight:  michael, im just about to close a sale. can i authorize a 15% discount
michael:  no, you may not
dwight:  gah
erin:  i think its really cool, michael. i wish i had a job that i could just leave
michael:  thank you
andy:   save me an aisle seat, michael! im coming!
andy:  i will not stand idly by while these mexican villagers are sick.
guy:  were actually building them a school
andy:  whatever. i wont-i wont stand for it.
michael:   see you in a few months.
girl:  if the whole world were like you guys, we wouldnt have so many problems
michael:  mm. thats not gonna happen
andy:  were one in a million
girl:  i know. nobody i know would leave their jobs and friends and families to do manual labor for three months
michael:  well, you know what, everybody thinks that i am crazy, and that tells me that i am the sanest person i know. so…
andy:  just a heads up. probably gonna be borrowing a few things. uh, gonna need a contact lens case, some sunscreen, some sandals…
toby:   why you always got to be so mean to me?
jim:   uh, meemaw, wheres cece
meemaw:  i dont know. i lost the purse too
jim:  okay.
andy:  good-bye, lackawana county
michael:  how long till we get to mexico
andy:  well, two days minus how long weve been on the road. 45 minutes? so, like, two days basically. maybe more
michael:  ooh. what are we building down there again? like, a hospital? a school for mexicans? what
andy:  i dont know, i thought it was like a gymnasium or…
michael:  why arent they building it themselves
andy:  they dont know how
michael:  do we know how? i dont know how. you know how
andy:  well, carla knows
michael:  carla knows. oh, i feel like there were so many more people on this bus. there were, like, 200, 300 people before. hey, carla? carla? hi. what are you doing
carla:  oh, trying to sleep
michael:  what is happening? oh, god, what is happening
andy:  do you smell like a weird, warm cheese
michael:  oh, god, you know what? im gonna be in mexico for my half-birthday
andy:  and the christmas party
michael:  and cinco de mayo
andy:  nah, no. well be back before that
michael:  no, we-no. you know how these things go. construction projects, they say three months, and then, after two years, the lazy bums havent even started. now were those lazy bums. i gotta get off this bus.
jim:  hey, guys, has anybody seen the baby
phyllis:  heres her carrier, but no cece
jim’s dad:  jim, jim, i want to give a toast. wheres the little girl of honor
jim:  i dont know, dad. i dont know
doug:  i dont mean to bug, but do you know when those subs are due into port? i got a hungry bunch of mcphersons over there
jim:  i dont know. hey, have you seen my baby
doug:  i think maybe some blonde lady had her
jim:  a small blonde woman
doug:  smaller than me
jim:  uh, everyone? everyone, can i just have your attention? has anyone seen a small- stop that tiny blonde woman! she stole my baby
angela:   what are you doing
kevin:   give me the baby
angela:  what? kevin
helene:   hi, honey. i was just changing the baby
jim:   hi
pam:   honey
jim:   hi.  all right. travel safe, angela
angela:  did you think i stole your baby
jim:  whats that? oh, yeah, back then i did. just now. so, dont, because ive got my eye on you
kevin:   look at these scones, jim. thousands of them. what kind of a person steals scones from a baby
angela:  someone put them in my bag
doug:   so that was lunch, eh? mcpherson troop, lets haul out. rendezvous at friendlys
pam:  did you lose cece
jim:  yeah. yeah, a little bit. i did.
michael:  can you fake a seizure or a heart attack or something
andy:  i can make myself cry
michael:  do that. do it
andy:  should i-i got it. i got it.  um, hey, i saw a sign for a scenic overlook coming up. really love to check out the view
bus driver:  cant stop. were on a schedule
andy:  well, uh, theres a nice bistro coming up. we could pick up some paninis for the road
bus driver:  maybe well stop in tennesseee. its not safe to talk to a driver
michael:   okay, driver, driver, if youre not gonna stop this bus, then im going to stop it for you. okay? hang on.
bus driver:  stopping in tennessee
guy:  hey, is there a problem, you guys
michael:  yeah, just get him to stop the bus, please
guy:  why
andy:  just make him stop the freaking bus
michael:  stop the bus, okay
carla:  are you okay, sir
michael:  i didnt sign up for this. you guys are young, thats great. you want to give back to society. ive done that. i need to take
girl:  you have plenty left to give. youre doing
michael:  blah-di-blah
andy:  it doesnt matter
michael:  we could go back and forth all day. its not gonna solve anything
andy:  if we went to mexico, wed probably screw everything up anyway
michael:  do you want that for little jessica? no, you dont. and the answer is clear. stop the bus. okay
andy:  stop the bus
guy:  okay, stop the dang bus
michael:   okay, well, a pleasure. go save the world. well keep an eye on america for you
another guy:   wait for me!  dont say anything to my parents.
erin:   get in quick
michael:  why quick
erin:  so its faster.
erin:  do you guys want me to take you home or go back to the church
michael:  is anyone still at the church
erin:  no, actually most of them went to go see a movie
michael:  what? shut up
erin:  yeah. kevin suggested it, and then they all went in merediths minivan
michael:  it is so nice to be back in a country that has movies
erin:  i bet. you guys
guy:  can i come?
erin:  oh, lake wobblegones on. do you guys-are you cool with that
radio:  “… banana bread, but fred nordquist had no appetite. he was thinking about his pair of new boots. itd been ten years after all. as he told mrs. nordquist, it would take two years to get comfortable with the new boots.”
