erin:   they caught the scranton stranger, they trapped him in his house.
reporter:  police have now surrounded the apartment complex
michael:   they have him surrounded. its the swat. the swats arriving
reporter:  it is unknown if he is armed with anything
kevin: they should do that thing where they play the really good music to get him to come out
dwight:   they shouldnt televise any of this, it just encourages copy-cats
angela:  just say copies, why do you have to drag cats into this
gabe:  okay, while this is interesting we should get back to work. these stand-offs can last a long time. what if its another waco
erin:  its pronounced wacko.
jim:  some events are so news worthy, so historic, that you have to stop everything to watch. balloon boy, michael jacksons funeral. things that if you didnt see them live, you wouldnt really care that you didnt see them at all.
kelly:  columbia street in washington ave! when is he gonna come out?
andy:  i bet hes wishing he had a hybrid, right? sixty miles to the gallon in the city
kevin:  no! i bet hes wishing he was strangling someone
michael:  ok, thats our street! thats our street! hes going down our street!  come on everybody! 
michael:   there it is! i saw it! i saw it! he went right by! you missed it! 
michael:   grandpa, where were you the day the the scranton strangler was caught?  well kiddo, i was there. i was there… and ill tell you what.  you go sell these and buy yourself a nice spaceship.
erin:  michael
michael:  walk with me
erin:  gabe and i are having a party, and everyones invited, and its at his house apartment and were gonna watch glee
michael:   glee? what is glee, some television program? jim i need that thing stat
jim:   okay
erin:  yeah its a tv show
michael:  dwight! sign please. i dont have time for parties i dont have time for tv shows. stanley! what time is that thing i have to do
stanley:  i
michael:  cancel it! are you still here? 
erin:  uhh. its just that its our first party together so
michael:  mmm mmm mm mm mm! did you hear what i said? im a very busy man. i dont have time for your tv show
erin:   okay, sorry
michael:  im joking
erin:  wait which one
michael:  im joking. im kidding around! im not actually angry.  im not busy at all, im not doing anything. and i know what glee is, im a total gleek
erin:  good me too
michael:  you know who my favorite character is? the invalid.  i am coming to your party.
erin:  i dont know if michael likes gabe that much, but theres this thing on glee called mash-up, where two things that dont go together, make one great song. take gabe, take michael, you make gay mike. best friends.
kelly:   no really? is there time to change this?! that show! now first they say that mr. schu doesnt know anything about choreography, then like three episodes later hes this fantastic choreographer?! pick a lane people!
kelly:  and what was with jesses sudden turn on rachel, between dream-on and funk. where the heck did that come from?! honestly that show, its just. its irresponsible.
angela:  are you going?
dwight:  not because i want to. with all the feeling to base a show around. glee? thirst. now thats a show id watch
angela:  i would watch that
dwight:  tonight might be a convenient night for us to have some intercourse.
andy:   youre having a party at gabes apartment
erin:  mhmm! id love it if you were there
andy:  you would
erin:  you and michael are always the life of the party
andy:  try and keep me from coming
erin:  why would i keep you from coming
andy:  try and hide it, i will track this party down
erin:  why would i hide it! 
michael:  kevin
kevin:  hey, you going tonight
michael:  yes, i am. are you
kevin:  yeah! you gotta go to the bosss party
michael:  what? no gabe is… gabe is not the boss
kevin:  no hes not the boss
michael:  why did you just say he was the boss
kevin:  ‘cause, youre the boss
michael:  yeeee… guys! do you consider gabe to be the boss?
erin:   its make your own pizza night. isnt gabes place so nice
michael:  uh huh
erin:  look at the size of those wine glasses michael
michael:  big
erin:  those posters used to be real french ads
michael:  all right!
gabe:  so these are your cheeses, your ham, your sausages, your herbs, and your vegetables. heres whats been done, so start creating. some times it helps to think of a part of the world, and
michael:   okay okay okay.
michael:  gabe likes to entertain a lot, ad he cooks in an oven, and all that jazz. i just have a different life style. they have these bags of vegetables that steam right inside their own bag. so ill get a few ingredients, sit down in front of the tv, a bag of vegetables, before you know it im ready for bed!
michael: 
gabe:  you dont really toss the dough.
michael:  try and destroy the old ways, gabe, well i will not let you. 
gabe:   welcome to my man cave! i did my senior year in prog in japan. best year of my life
jim:  you play?
gabe:  oh! i like to play soundscapes. i imagine one instant of a song, expanded to be the size of the universe
jim:  you cant even do that
cece: 
pam:  shes up! great!
pam:  cece, is reverse cycling, which means she sleeps all day and is up all night. which basically means im up all day and im up all night. and if it doesnt stop soon, i am going to be up all night.
erin:   the shows starting. the shows starting! the shows starting! shows starting!
phyllis:   whos that
kelly:  finn
phyllis:  whos that
kelly:  rachel
phyllis:  which ones glee
kelly:  you have to stop
michael:  wheres michael? wheres michael? we cant start without michael! oh here he is! ohhhh. yayyy, and let the show begin!
gabe:   its a little loud
michael:  actually i think its not loud enough. may i? thank you sah!  there we go. glee right? rock and roll! turn it up to elevaan! spinal cord
gabe:   some of us are trying to have a conversation
michael:  well some of us are trying to have a
gabe:  ill just turn the captions on
michael:   well i will turn up the volume
gabe:  thats for the other box
michael:  okay…heeeeres what were gonna do! right down the hall is a bed room. all the real glee fans are gonna go down the hall to the real glee party in the bedroom, follow me! where we can crank it!
oscar:   that one! shes been in a couple episodes of friday night
kelly:  you know what? im so confused. is this a glee watching party? or a glee pausing party? ‘cause we keep stopping it, to get a history lesson from
oscar:  you know what? i didnt read the rules, i didnt know the rules. there, its on. i didnt read the rule book.
pam:   michael? maybe you should try gong in the other room again. you can have my seat. its closer to the tv. itll seem louder
michael:  pam i have a loaded gun in my desk at work. if i ever start acting like that weenie gabe i want you to take that gun, and i want you to shoot me like a hundred times in the groin until im dead. okay
pam:  you have a gun in your desk?
ryan:   hey! marantz tubes sterio. from the 1970s. i respect that. i respect that a lot. oh hoho. the five chinese berilidy herbs. no kidding. this is powdered seahorse. they say that fifteen chinese soldiers fought off the entire army of gangus kong just using this stuff. you know what they say
andy:  no what
ryan:  what is this, samurai wood cuts? yep. pretty erotic
andy:  yeah.
michael:   better men than gabe have tried to be my boss. david got fired. charles got fired. jan went crazy. ed truck, who i liked, got decapitated
dwight:  michael, i find it absolutely disgraceful that no one followed you in here for your walk-out. i took the liberty of making a list of everyone who didnt follow you in here. jim. oscar. creed. me, at first
pam:  maybe i should go
dwight:   kelly. kev-  are you gonna quiet that baby? or do i have to?  in the schrute family, the youngest child always raises the others. ive been raising children since i was a baby.
daryl:   take a shot
andy:  oh thanks
daryl:  wow, so much asia stuff. i wonder if theres a guy in china right now, looking at a bunch of our stuff
andy:  why does erin like gabe
daryl:  andy look, all i know is that if i was a girl, and i had to choose between the tall dude who loved asia, and the you looking dude who loves sweaters and wearing sweaters… id choose you
andy:  thats really nice, thank you
daryl:  and id blow your mind
andy:  
jim: 
oscar:  jim what are you doing
jim:  oh, it was commercial break so i just wanted to check the scores
oscar:  flip it back please
jim:  okay…
kelly:  the shows back on, what happened
ryan:  were behind
oscar:  go to the recorded version
kelly:  oh my god what song was that
erin:  i wasnt recording it
oscar:  what?
kelly:   what song was it
erin:  wait, why do you have to record it
oscar:  this is why erin! were living it! start recording now
erin:  jim.
kelly:  okay, they did blinded by the light and they did it with an actual blind guy. was it worth it jim?  ‘cause we missed it!
pam:  if i could get her sleeping normally i could get my life back
dwight:  that would be nice wouldnt it
pam:  i cant even talk about it
dwight:  you know its not really necessary for me to sit here holding her all night. just go into gabes refrigerator, get a lump of suit, or any kind of congealed animal fat will do rally, tie a piece of string to it and the other end to her toe, put the suit in her mouth, shell be happy for hours
pam:  i kind of doubt gabe has suit
dwight:  really? oh… then here we are
erin:  michael. gabe is making the pigs in a blanket, and he kind of needs some  help so,  he was wondering if you could help him. 
andy:   ladies and gentlemen please welcome, phyllis vance!  isnt that white diamonds maya smith taylor
phyllis:  you know your perfumes
andy:  my nanny used to wear that.
andy:  i just ate powdered seahorse! i have to admit i did not think it was gonna work, but it is totally working!  i feel exactly like a seahorse!  blub blub blub blub blub blub blub blub.
erin:  look who i found!
michael:  yeah, well i wasnt very hard to find
gabe:  lets go ahead and wash our hands
michael:  is this the same dough you used for the pizza crust
gabe:  yep! waste not right
michael:  so these are pizza dogs, they arent pigs in a blanket per se
erin:  michael knows everything there is to know about snacks
michael:  well
erin:  gabe was born in 1982. he was the longest baby in the hospital
michael:  hes the longest baby in this room
erin:  whats the longest thing youve ever seen?  for me it was the tale from jets
gabe:  erin you dont have to
michael:  you know what erin you do have to
gabe:  michael! you are making this harder than it has to be
michael:   thats what she said. 
jim:   hey
pam:  its a miracle. she loves him
jim:  i dont know about, love
dwight:  she loves me
angela:   outside my car in two minutes
dwight:  well somethings come up, i have to go
pam:  no no no no no! shell wake up
dwight:  i have something to do
pam:  look, i know what you have to do, please stay with cece. dwight? ive always considered for us to be very good friends. great friends! remember your concussion
dwight:  i do. but you married my worst enemy
jim:  well i think enemys a strong word. ‘cause i think we have a really charming back and forth. and
dwight:  enough. i will require beer and pizza to think this over
pam:  absolutely!
dwight:  from jim
jim:  i dont think thats gonna
pam:  do it
jim:  what kind of pizza would you like
dwight:  surprise me. no! pepperoni.
michael:   okay… alright.
tv:  and the winner is, by two votes-
kelly:  ahhh! whats going on?!?!
andy:   hey creed, would you read chinese
creed:  beleniege
andy:  what does this say
creed:  hi mahhhh. boo yowww. gunjo! ooh uncow
andy:   hello ups! still waiting on that five minutes with erin order. oh never mind its here. oh if it isnt the bell of the ball!  you throw a lovely party ma lady
erin:   are you having a good time
andy:  did you wear my favorite outfit on purpose
erin:  andy you look awful
andy:  youre four seasons in a day.  you… got the autumn thing going on. but if you put on ba-  put if you put on a blue…  its spring time in the rockies
erin:  are you alright
andy:  no! 
dwight:   insert it in my mouth
jim:  thats not gonna make your pizza eating experience any better. trust me
dwight:  no, try me
pam:  jim, just dont think of it as degrading. think of it as, you happen to be moving the six inches his way and he happens to be biting it
dwight:  id prefer for him to think of it as degrading
jim:  okay…
dwight:  no. crust first.  okay, now the beer.  beer me jim.  ssss. gentle.  now ive gotta go meet angela
pam:  what no, wait! you said you were gonna help us
dwight:  i have a legal obligation to angela. okay, she needs to be serviced
jim:  you need to stop talking
dwight:  oh come on, stop the fake prissy act. were in the real world. sex contracts exist
pam:  okay fine! there must be some way to get out of it. even just for tonight
dwight:  yeah sure, jim could go see her
jim:   okay
dwight:  you ever been with the blondes before? its the big leagues
jim:  im going home, and im taking my baby with me
pam:  no no no, dont. i will go talk to angela
dwight:  shes in heat. she will eat your face off
pam:  the reverse cycling ends tonight!
dwight:   a single piece of pepperoni please
jim:  im not gonna-
dwight:  what are you doing
kevin:   i wanted to eat a pig in a blanket, in a blanket!
andy:   puts pillow in front of the puke
phyllis:  are you alright
andy:  erin likes gabe
phyllis:  i know. i thought you two were nice together
andy:  do you think that theyve ever
phyllis:  made love? i dont know
andy:  well girls tell each other things right
phyllis:  ill see what i can find out.
daryl:   where you been
michael:  i just went out for a walk
daryl:  cables out
michael:  what? really? that stinks
gabe:  its still on upstairs
michael:  what does that mean? partys over? everybody leaves? are you sure
creed:   hey! puck and finn worked it out, and the solo is now a duet
michael:  are you kidding me
creed:  no
michael:  now thats going on
kevin:  i cant believe were missing that
michael:  boy i wish i could see that. you know what? i have an idea. i dont know if its gonna work, but let me give it this. okay, im gonna give it shot.
kevin:  please michael, just make the glee happen
kelly:  good luck michael!
phyllis:  erin! uhm, so how long have you two been going out now
erin:  oh, uhm, like three months
phyllis:  and i imagine things are starting to heat up
erin:  i dont know
phyllis:  of course you dont wanna rush things! i mean the anticipation can be so exquisite. bob and i took our time. the first time we saw each other naked we didnt even make love, we just stared at each other until we fell asleep. it was magical
erin:   i have to go phyllis
phyllis:  magical…
pam:   hey in there. its pam. its not dwight! dont think its dwight
angela:  what are you doing here
pam:  i know you and dwight have this weird deal, uhm, he sent me out here to see if you could postpone
angela:  are you authorized to do this
pam:  yes! i have been so authorized
angela:  ok, uhm, then tell him that well do this tomorrow night instead
pam:  okay
angela:  wait pam! how did he seem? like, you know, did he seem disappointed
pam:  you know, there are a lot of guys out there who would just love and appreciate a
angela:  you know what pam just save it.
erin:   you did this
michael:  no i was just check- yeah. yes i did, yeah yeah
erin:  why dont you like him
michael:  what is there to like? hes just, hes a weird little skeevy guy with no waist, why do you care whether we like him or not
erin:  i care if 
michael:  why? im not your father.  all right
erin:  okay
michael:  go to your room
erin:  what?
michael:  go to your room young lady
erin:   uhm, im not going to my room
michael:  you listen to me. you listen good. you are are 
erin:  you listen to me. you are 
michael:  as long as you are living under this roof you are going to do what i say
erin:  i hate your roof
michael:  oh do not raise your voice to me
erin:  ill raise it how i want! ill raise the roof
michael:  gahh, i will pull this car over
erin:  i hate it! i hate your car!
gabe:  see ya oscar!
michael:   if you break that girls heart, i will kill you. its just a figure of speech. but seriously, if you break that girls heart i will literally kill you and your entire family.
michael:  gabe, just go and have fun with erin. but not too much fun! that girls gonna turn my hair gray.
gabe:   what happened
andy:  i accidentally ate some seahorses
gabe:  how much
andy:  i didnt know its powdered, so like four or five, i dont know
gabe:  ive got just the thing!  this ones called earth rise, on the moon.
andy:  thats so beautiful.
