andy:  val, i need the space.
val:  all right guys, clear out.
andy:  everybody out.
val:  promise me youre going to clean up.
andy:  i cant promise what im going to do or not do.
val:  promise me that-
andy:  obviously im going to clean up.
andy:  stress is like the uptight mayor or a town whos saying, “hey, were uptight, you cant dance,” and then you have to be like, “oh yeah, mayor stress? well watch this!” and then… we dance. oh how we dance.  sex also works.
erin:  hey! jims back from jury duty.
andy:  hey! tuna! hes back.
jim:  hey.
andy:  oh, look at this.  tuna wrap.
jim:  okay.
andy:   hand roll.
jim:  yeah.
phyllis:  how was jury duty?
jim:  it was pretty uneventful, actually.
dwight:  cant believe they let someone like you serve on a jury. makes me question the whole judicial system.
erin:  what was the case?
jim:  uh, hit and run.
erin:  ooh, “the case of the hit and run,” thats exciting.
phyllis:  did you send him to the slammer?
jim:  nope. not guilty.
dwight:  of course you found him not guilty.  “oh, he apologized and i just really want him to like me, mm.”
jim:  were best friends, actually. were going wine-tasting next weekend, if you want to come.
dwight:  not coming, have plans.
jim:  okay.
jim:  i did get called in to jury duty. and they released me around noon, so, didnt think it was worth it to come back to work for a half day. and then the next morning pam was a little overwhelmed with the kids so i took an extra day to help out. and then three other days happened.
erin:  ah! angela had the baby!
kevin:  is it black? ‘cause that would be hilarious.
darryl:  why?
kevin:  you know.
darryl:  would it be more hilarious than angela having a chinese baby?
kevin:  a little bit, yeah. right guys? back me up.
ryan:  eh, a little bit.
kevin:  oh, did i win the pool?
erin:  ah, no. right month, wrong year.
oscar:  well no one won the pool. angela wasnt due for another month.
erin:  we should all go to the hospital and visit her.
phyllis:  oh, id love to but, um-
jim:  aw man, i would but i cant miss any more work.
oscar:  well kevin and i have to go, accounting is its own little family.
kevin:  yeah, oscars the dad, im oscars dad and angelas my mom.
gabe:  everyone, our very own angela-
oscar:  we all got the email, some of us are going to go visit.
gabe:  oh, i am so in.
gabe:  i love maternity wards. its the perfect blend of love and horror. things can go so wrong or so right.
andy:  come on, judge judy, tell us your case. what were the deets?
jim:  mine was actually a pretty boring case, so-
meredith:  how could it be boring? you were there for five days. titillate us.
stanley:  yeah, you owe us. i had to stay until six twice to cover for you. my wife got to the tv first, had to sit through damn rizzoli and damn isles.
phyllis:  yeah, my car got smashed visiting one of your clients and i had to have it detailed and they took my meter change.
jim:  wow, im really sorry.
phyllis:  yeah.
jim:  i never considered that my week off would make everyone elses job harder. the least i could do is give them a good story.
jim:   so phyllis, he was here, and then the car came and did- he was like that. yeah, so it had to be a double backflip, actually.
toby:  you know, when i was on j-duty, uh, strangler case, we used to recreate the various stranglings with empanadas from- at ernestos.
jim:  oh man, ernestos. that was our favorite restaurant too.
toby:  you mean food truck. ernestos was a food truck.
meredith:  toby, shut your hole about the empanadas. nobody cares about the empanadas.
dwight:  i was in los angeles last year. jim tricked me into thinking id won a walk-on part on ncis, but thats not important. while i was being kicked off the lot, i saw food trucks everywhere. everyone in los angeles eats from them. and nobody calls them restaurants.
oscar:   guys, i dont know how many of you have seen- gabe? bring it in. i dont know how many of you have seen a premature baby before. its going to be really tiny, so please dont say anything offensive.
kevin:  got that, bimbo?
erin:  got it, bimbo. 
angela:  yes?
oscar:  knock, knock. oh!
kevin:  hi!
angela:  oh… i dont- i dont want any- what are you guys doing here?
oscar:  we wanted to say hi to the newest little dunder mifflinite.
senator lipton:  well, meet our not-so-little bundle of joy, philip halsted lipton.
kevin:  phillip is so fat.
oscar:  kevin!
kevin:  you warned me not to say anything if it was tiny, oscar. but you didnt prepare me for a big, giant, fat baby.
angela:  hey.
senator lipton:  yes, hes substantial.
erin:  hes more than substantial. hes a monster.
dwight:  so this whole hit and run thing, theres just one part i cant figure out. you said it was at a four-way stop…
jim:  mm-hmm.
dwight:  and the victim rode his bicycle into the left hand turn lane but the perp was already in the left-hand turn lane?
jim:  mm-hmm.
dwight:  see, thats what im having trouble with, because the fact is, you never said he was on a bicycle.  busted, halpert!
jim:  okay, wait, wait.
dwight:  yes! andy, get out here.
jim:  no. i never said he was on a bicycle. i just said i wasnt listening to you.
dwight:  i am making a citizens arrest. you have the right to remain silent. you have the right to beg for mercy. you have the right to request judgment by combat. dwights rights.
andy:  whats up, gangstas?
dwight:  jim was lying about jury duty. he was lying the whole time so he could go do yoga or go canoeing. i dont know what this pervert likes. fire him!
andy:  dwight, not everything is a conspiracy theory.
dwight:  i have jim on the record saying that the vic-
andy:  no. dwight! i have me on the record, saying to you, take a chill pill.
dwight:  i dont- i dont need to take a chill pill.
andy:  here, right there.  down the hatch.
dwight:  i really dont want to take the chill pill. 
andy:  attaboy. good. now, chill.
dwight:  okay, okay.  but lets just say that jim was lying about jury duty. you would have to fire him, right?
andy:  yeah, sure, of course. id fire him to timbuktu. 
dwight:  thats good enough for me. 
jim:  …and pam was just going crazy, trying to take care of philip because cece has been out of control recently, and- look, andy, it doesnt matter. the truth is, i just feel terrible lying to you.
andy:  i feel terrible getting lied to. no ones ever lied to me before.
jim:  okay. i think the best thing to do right now is just come clean and tell everybody the truth.
andy:  no, not after what i told dwight about firing you. no. heres what were going to do. were going to have ourselves a good old-fashioned cover-up. have you ever heard of a connecticut cover-up?
jim:  no.
andy:  do you know why you never heard of it?
jim:  no.
andy:  covered it up.
jim:  are you sure you can keep this under wraps?
andy:  they used to call me king tut because im so good at keeping things under wraps.
andy:  my nickname was actually king butt, because i had a king-size butt.
ernesto:   where you want i park?
dwight:  okay, everybody, gather round. got a real special surprise for you. 
toby:  ernesto!
ernesto:  hola toby! 
toby:  yeah, hey.
ernesto:  como esta? 
nate:  uh, im going to say “i” when im talking for ernesto, so instead of “he says blah, blah, blah,” im going to say “i say, blah, blah, blah,” but thats for him. anyway, it was something like, “he remembers toby.”  “i remember toby.”
dwight:  okay- oh, jim. hey, this guy look familiar?
jim:  uh-
toby:  its the empanada guy.
jim:  the empanada guy!
dwight:  no, toby!  damn it, toby! no, i wasnt asking you.  ask him if he remembers jim. 
ernesto:  no.
nate:  he says, “no.”
dwight:  he says, “no!” boom!
andy:  yeah but who remembers all their customers? i mean, i can name like three of our clients.
dwight:  okay, he remembers toby, the most forgettable man in the known world. 
nate:  ah, he doesnt want any trouble, he sees lots of people, they come from all around to eat his delicious meat pockets.
jim:  uh, you guys are going to love these. so, empanadas on me. you guys gotta try them.
creed:  usually im a burrito guy, but if you wont tell, i wont. wink, wink.
dwight:  great. and while were enjoying these delicious empanadas, jim, why dont you tell us your story again?
andy:  why? everybodys heard it.
dwight:  walk us through it. what time would you get there every morning?
andy:  hey, murder she wrote. how about we drop the whole ‘murder, she wrote thing, okay? jim was at the courthouse for jury duty every morning. how do i know? because i drove him there.
phyllis:  why?
andy:  why? why? 
jim:  because my car broke down.
andy:  his car broke down. so he called me, cause i live near the courthouse.
dwight:  wait, wait. you live by the courthouse. so you drove from near the courthouse, out to jims house, and then back to the courthouse?
andy:  thirty minutes out, thirty minutes back, easy hour. and i would watch that cute little tushie scurry up those courthouse stairs every morning and that was that.
phyllis:   im sorry, do you have any american mexican food?
andy:  were getting buried out there. what was that stuff about the car breaking down?
jim:  well, i think you handled it pretty well.
andy:  im not rumpelstiltskin, jim. i cant keep spinning gold out of your .
jim:  okay, listen, all right? dwights on to us, hes going to figure it out really soon, so lets just get ahead of it, lets tell the truth.
andy:   i dont even know what the truth is anymore.
oscar:  wow, its so… healthy.
kevin:  im going to call him little kevin.
angela:  no, you will not.
erin:  is he really five pounds?
angela:  mm-hmm.
erin:  because i squat with five pounds. this-  yeah, this feels like more than that.
senator lipton:  no, no, no, hes nine pounds, seven ounces.
angela:  nine pounds? really? i thought you said five. you know what? i was under so many drugs, i felt like i was at a james taylor concert or something, oh. so, what did you bring?
oscar:  oh yeah, i dont know if its right, but-
senator lipton:  well, if its anything like that gorgeous wrapping paper, you hit it out of the park.
angela:  aw, preemie pajamas!
oscar:  again, it may not be the right size. i can return-
angela:  no, i think he came early just so he could wear these. thank you.
kevin:  i got little kevin call of duty.
oscar:  this baby is clearly not premature. theyre lying about the date it was conceived. its very interesting. and her husbands gay. i dont even know which thread to follow.
jim:  uh, excuse me, can i have everyones attention for a second? first off, i just want to say that im really sorry, i didnt know that my absence last week would have been a burden on any of you, because, though i did have jury duty last week, they did dismiss me early on monday. and i think youre going to find this pretty hilarious. i kind of, uh, well, maybe took the week off.
stanley:  what?
jim:  funny? no? nobody laughing?
dwight:   youre screwed! oh, its happening. its really happening.
stanley:  what the hell, jim? i covered for your bony butt.
jim:  pam really needed some help with the kids, so, i promise my intentions were good.
dwight:  your clients. theyre all mine.
darryl:  jim, i got my ass chewed out because one of your orders got messed up. and andy, you said you drove him to the courthouse.
andy:  uh, i did, every morning. and if i didnt, then i hope i die.
dwight:  all right, well. lets get this show on the road, shall we? allow me to give you a hand.  here we are. so long, clump-mate. im going to miss you. truth be told, i never thought that this was how it was going to end. i always thought that i was going to defeat you somehow. but youve defeated yourself. 
andy:  dwight, cut it out. im not firing jim.
dwight:  no, no, no. you said- you said that you were-
andy:  i know what i said. jim, youre in deep doo-doo. do you understand? i have one thing to say to you, and im going to say it in front of this whole office. look me in the eye. 
dwight:  thats it? this is crap! 
gabe:   youve reached gabe lewis, im currently indisposed. leave me a message. ciao. 
dwight:  gabe, its dwight again. highest priority, triple-urgent. call me. immediately. that means asap.
dwight:  im gonna find gabe, tell him what jim did and let the little stickler do what he does best: stickle.
angela:  shh.
oscar:  honestly, i can return this for a larger size.
angela:  its fine. pajamas arent supposed to be baggy, right? its not the barrio.
oscar:  the only premature baby in this room is the baby this baby ate.
angela:  ah!
kevin:   little kevin.
angela:  really?
oscar:  angela.
angela:  fine, god. philip was conceived nine months ago.
oscar:  i knew that, i knew it.
angela:  the senator and i wanted to wait, but we had just seen thor and there was way too much wine in my chicken piccata.
oscar:  chicken marsala.
angela:  right. um, point is, philip was conceived out of wedlock.
oscar:  mm-hmm.
angela:  and now you all know, but you can never tell. im serious.
oscar:  dwight. hey.
dwight:  oh, hey. have you seen gabe?
oscar:  he went to the car or something, but hell be back.
dwight:  okay. 
oscar:  dont you want to see the baby?
dwight:  psh! why? i know what angela and the senator look like. i can mash that up in my head right now.
oscar:  i promised i wouldnt tell.
dwight:  so dont.
oscar:  angela got pregnant before the wedding.
dwight:  what?
oscar:  she got pregnant before the wedding.
dwight:  how long before?
oscar:  a month.  you didnt hear it from me!
dwight:  yes i did.
angela:  dwight?
senator lipton:  dwight.
dwight:  i want to see the baby.
erin:  oh, angela will make you cut your fingernails. its not worth it.
dwight:  oh, yes. oh, what a beautiful child. prominent forehead, short arms, tiny nose. you will lead millions…  willingly, or as slaves.
dwight:  that baby is a schrute. and unless somebody taught mose sex, that baby is mine.
angela:  hes hungry.
senator lipton:  oh, thats my cue to leave.
angela:  no, you dont have to. im going to wear this cover.
senator lipton:  still. still.
angela:  you wont see-
jim:   you want a giraffe?
jim:  yes, i am brining my kids in to help me get out of this hole. and you all remember my beautiful wife, pam.
pam:  hi. wow, i really thought id be more excited to be here.
jim:  whoa, whoa, whoa, game face, baby, game face.
pam:  oh right, okay. hey stanley, its great to see you!
jim:  whoa, no, no. thats overdoing it, i think.
pam:  oh, hi stanley.
jim:  split the difference?
pam:  jim.
jim:  okay, lets go.
pam:  hey.
erin:  hi.
pam:  hi everybody!
jim:  what?
all:  hi.
pam:  how about a little visit?
jim:  wow, what a surprise. thats crazy. you guys get to meet the little heck-raisers.
creed:  hey, angelas back with her baby.
pam:  yes, well, you guys all know cece, but we wanted to introduce you to baby philip.
andy:  aw! you guys. hes licking on my finger, just like my cat does.
creed:  let me have a turn.
pam:  no, its the pacifiers turn.
creed:  all right.
jim:  did you say something about this one bringing in something for these people?
pam:   yes! cece wanted to thank everybody for letting her daddy stay home with her all last week and play, so she brought you a little treat.
phyllis:  cookies?
pam:  no, but that wouldve been a really good idea.
jim:  that was a great idea.
pam:  no, she brought you drawings.
jim:  oh my goodness, lets take a look at these. theyre usually amazing, so lets see. yup, they are. uncle andy.
andy:  oh!
jim:  oh, aunt phyllis.
phyllis:  oh.
andy:  wow, these are incredible. cece, did you do these?
cece:  no.
pam:  she says “no” to everything. you know, she thinks my name is “no.” cece, do you want some broccoli?
cece:  yes.
pam:  no. its crazy.
ryan:  why am i shorter than the table that im standing next to?
andy:  theres cross-hatching in some of these. thats kind of advanced for a two-year-old.
kelly:  cece, this is your big sister kelly. did you color this pretty picture?
cece:  no.
kelly:  so then this means nothing to you. 
andy:  hey, cece, why dont you draw another picture for us, exactly like this one, or at least in the exact same style?
jim:  you know what? i dont think you need to do things on command. thats very weird. ill just take that. thank you. i think we should just wrap up the show, kiddos. right?
cece:   mama!
pam:  shh.
jim:  i dont know what else we can do here.
cece:   mama, mama, mama.
jim:  its okay.
pam:  oh, its okay, sweetie.
jim:  all right, all right. okay.
pam:  its okay, honey.  its okay, its okay.
jim:  all right, i know, i know. lets just get this.
pam:  shh.
cece:  mama!
dwight:  angela, this child is definitely mine. he looks just like me.
angela:  every baby looks just like you. your face kind of looks like a baby.
dwight:  need i remind you that we were together a month before the wedding?
angela:  that is completely untrue.
dwight:  completely true. remember? angela. no.
dwight:  you said that robert was not fulfilling you-
angela:  i did not. uh-uh.
dwight:  -and i said, “i bet i could fulfill you,” and you said, “id like to see you try,” and then i kissed you with the force of a thousand waterfalls.
angela:  that didnt happen.
dwight:  and then i inserted my penis-
angela:  no! stop it!
dwight:  into your-
angela:  dwight.
dwight:  vagina and-
angela:  and even if it did, its just a coincidence.
dwight:  admit that there is a chance.
angela:  i will not.
dwight:  admit it. admit it.
angela:  i will not, its not-
senator lipton:  all done?
dwight:  yeah.
senator lipton:  mmm.
angela:  yes, yes. hes sleeping.
dwight:  before i go, may i?
angela:  sure.  watch the head, watch the head.
dwight:  nurse, you know that baby in there, baby philip? cancel the circumcision.
nurse:  who are you?
dwight:  i just might be his father.
nurse:  i dont know what that means. were gonna circumcise him.
jim:   i know, buddy, i know. cece, you want to come? want to come out?
cece:  no!
jim:  oh bud, i know. do you have a pacifier or anything?
pam:  im looking, im looking for the pacifier.
jim:  cece!
pam:  okay, were going.
jim:  okay, okay, we gotta go. all right, were going home, were going home. were going home, were going home. i know, i know, bud.
pam:  shh, shh, shh.
jim:  i know, i know.
pam:  you want to grab her?
jim:  im gonna grab her, okay.
pam:  here we go, here we go.
jim:  hi, all right. im just going to go down to the car and im going to put her in her seat and ill be right back up.
stanley:   well see you tomorrow.
jim:  no, no, its okay, ill be right back.
phyllis:  no, just go home.
darryl:  its all good, we got this.
darryl:  i have a kid. last week, jim at home? that was no vacation.
pam:  jim.
phyllis:  just go.
andy:  hey, well be just fine.
jim:  thanks guys. all right, here we go. lets go.
andy:  oh, whew!
andy:  dwight, what the hell? you cant smoke in here.
dwight:  oh, right.  the office looks different now. huh. smaller. maybe i just feel bigger. hello gabe.
gabe:  you had something important to tell me?
dwight:  oh, you know, i did but now it seems infinitely insignificant.
dwight:  jim? oh, right. nah, forget it. he was doing it for his kids. i get it. kids drive us dads crazy. sometimes i feel like theyre raising us. am i right?
jim:  i would love for everyone to just forgive me. but, if thats not happening, im not averse to just buying them all off.
jim:  alright guys. you know how we all like the red licorice but its always buried behind like a ton of black licorice?  bought it all. now its like red city in there. so, enjoy it.
phyllis:  mmm-hmm. moneybags. must be nice.
andy:  so you effectively spent what…four dollars on the entire office?
jim:  uh, i cant get a handle on it. am i cheap or rich? i cant…
andy:  youre nothing. when i think about all the gas money i spent on you. washing my car to make sure you-
jim:   alright. well, enjoy the red licorice, and good riddance, right? 
darryl:  whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! so youre just gonna throw away perfectly good food?
jim:  its not really food, right?
creed:  im really hating this jim guy!
jim:  ok, ok, ok.
stanley:  i know what you can do jim. take those black licorice, then go get some of those red licorice, take em in your hand, roll em up real tight…
jim:  “and shove it up my butt.”
stanley:  dammit jim! you stole my afternoons, now you stole my line! its not “shove it up your butt” its….ill kill you! ill kill you dead!
darryl:  eat it.
jim:  im not gonna eat it.
darryl:  eat. it.
jim:  im not-
stanley:  eat it! 
jim:   they hate me, pam.
pam:  they dont hate you.
jim:  no, its bad. darryl canceled go-karting….
pam:  when were you going go-karting with darryl?
jim:  its a lunch thing.
pam:  alright. just dont worry, well figure this out.
jim:  i feel like a stranger in my own country.
pam:  ok, drama.
jim:  ok. well, hey, youre not here. you dont know, ok? its intense. they made me eat black licorice
dwight:  i have a recurring nightmare that ive been wrongly accused of a crime and twelve of these idiots are on the jury. stanley is fast asleep, kevin eats the evidence, phylliss name is allison but it really is phyllis, jim is foreman of the jury and pronounces me guilty. the cop takes me away and tells me that ive been a bad boy and we have sex in the hall. she leaves the handcuffs on. they take me away to prison. the guards are all women.
andy:  everyone, this is officer foley from the scranton pd. works down at the courthouse. i think he has something hes like to say.
officer foley:  i understand that some of you dont believe that mr. bernard drove his friend into the courthouse for jury duty last week.
darryl:  correction: we dont care.
erin:  hey, arent you an actor?
andy:  no.
erin:  werent you in sweeny todd last year with andy?
officer foley:  uh, no.
darryl:  you hired your actor friend to come here as a cop?
andy:  that is so offensive and ridiculous. i-
darryl:  so if i started singing “down by the old mill stream”, you couldnt join me in a three part harmony.  down by the, down by the, down by the….
darryl:   old, mill, stream.
andy:  ho hah!….oh, shoot.
darryl:  mm hmm
