dwight:  today is the first day of sabres new project to develop a chain of retail stores. i am meeting my new boss, nellie bertram, head of special projects. work starts at nine. sabre hq is thirty minutes away, driving the speed limit. giving everyone twenty minutes to shower, plus fifty for jim to style his hair, twenty for breakfast, forty for erin to get lost between her room and the lobby, ninety for ryan to do his morning ecstasy… were already twenty minutes late.
dwight:  wake up! 
dwight:  hey, hey, hey, hey! wake up!  ow! why are you sleeping that way?
erin:  oh. i was reading the mattress tag and i fell asleep.
dwight:  stanley! wake up! youve got to wake up, the hotels on fire!
erin:  stanley, wake up, its pretzel day! 
stanley:  mmm!  ugh!
dwight:   good morning.
erin:  hey, wake up. lets have some fun. were in florida now.
ryan:  hey, you. im so glad this is happening. i actually came to your door twice last night. come on in, the waters fine.  oh, not cool!
jim:  i am on the two kid sleep schedule so im up and at em at four fifteen, but no kids, so i honestly didnt know what to do with myself, and then i thought of something. uh- 
dwight:  heeeeres dwi- what the-?  oh man.
erin:  what do you think happened?
dwight:  looks like jim got mixed up with some bad apples.  oh no, no, no, no. it wasnt me. i gotta find luwanda at the alcohol club. oh. 
jim:  puppet.
cathy:  cool, for your kids?
jim: yeah. its weird being away from them. never done this before.
dwight:  attention, dunder mifflin group. proceed outside. the vehicle is waiting. seats have been assigned. shotgun goes to ryan. congratulations, ryan.
dwight:  i need to make nellie see me as a leader today. first impressions get locked in forever. when i first met pam, she said something that slightly rubbed me the wrong way. since then ive loved working with pam and shes frankly wonderful, but i hate her.
dwight:  ill have a bottle of the antacid. also, i want to get a souvenir for my son, but his mother doesnt acknowledge my paternity. do you have anything for that? also, i want it to have a florida feel.
saleswoman:  what does he like?
dwight:  power.
ryan:  okay, and this one is, “huh. dont see too many museums around here.”
dwight:  okay, twiggy, thats enough. get in the car.
erin:  hey, are you okay?
dwight:  im fine, okay? its just stress. you know, cause i care about this project. and frankly the fact that none of you are vomiting or diarrheal right now i find very alarming.
erin:  who says none of us are diarrheal?
jim:  are you sure its stress? because i did poison you.
dwight:  very funny, jim.
jim:  oh no, im serious. i was thinking, “for this trip i have to do something epic, so what should that be?” and then i thought of it. ill poison you. what are you gonna do? you gonna steal my newspaper or put a cricket in my cereal or something?
dwight:  im gonna set your face on fire.
jim:  thats a good one.  whoa, stanley! did you just come back from burning down a rival nightclub?
stanley:  laugh it up, halpert. im in florida for a month without my family. im gonna enjoy this. want to get in? you can work the ipod.
jim:  yes.
stanley:  youre a nice guy, jim, but you have no idea how to vacation. find some kenny loggins.
jim:  loggins and messina.
stanley:  did i say “messina?” 
andy:  ahh!  sorry i couldnt resist. its so quiet.
creed:  i like it. its so peaceful, ive already written like, twelve plays today.
andy:  its so quiet, one might say, you could hear a pin…  i thought that would be cooler.
darryl:  i loved it.
meredith:  hey, can you pick up the pin? some of us like to work in our bare feet.
andy:  of course, i will pick up the pin. it is right here. got it.
oscar:  can we see that? did you really find it?
andy:  yes, right here. got it. dink, ow.  in the trash.
pam:  hey, why is it so quiet? shouldnt the phone be ringing? uh-oh. erin set the phone to voicemail.
everyone:  oh great. 
kelly:  were screwed.
pam:  there. 
andy:  oh! there we go! pam?
pam:  yeah?
andy:  can you get the phone?
pam:  well im not the receptionist.
andy:  mm, well, you used to be.
pam:  i know, but i cant cover reception. i have a ton of work to do.
andy:  phones ringing.
kelly:  will one of you get the phone? i am freaking out! i know its for me.  are you guys kidding me? stop flirting and someone get the phone!
everyone:  somebody! answer the phone.
kelly:  andy, pick up the phone!
stanley:  get the damn phone.
meredith:  youre the closest one to it.
andy:  fine. hello, dunder mifflin.  hello, youve reached dunder mifflin. how may i be of service?
jim:  man.
cathy:  how was the drive?
jim:  fantastic. stanley drives so fast.
stanley:  life is short. “drive fast and leave a sexy corpse.” thats one of my mottoes.
jim:  i would love to hear the other mottos.
packer:  quick query, halpert.
jim:  no way.
packer:  still queer?
dwight:  packer.
packer:  you cant put me down. too strong!
packer: yeah, dwight and jim tried to get me fired, but i landed on my feet down here in florida. you see, this cats got nine lives, and a nine-inch-
nellie:  psst. say, “so whos leading this thing, anyway?”
ryan:  so whos leading this thing, anyway?
nellie:  psst. say, “i cant wait to meet him.”
ryan:  i cant wait to meet him.
nellie:  him, you say? dont think a woman can be a leader?
ryan:  i-
nellie:  you poor, simple boy. expected a man, did you? strong, powerful. huge, whopping penis? well, sorry to disappoint, but my huge, whopping penis is right here,  and im not afraid to use it. so stop looking at my breasts, and start looking at my penis.  im nellie bertram, president of special projects. in the next few weeks were going to throw everything you know about business out of the window and do it our own way. are your minds blown? so, how did this special project come about anyway? well, i interviewed to be the manager of your branch.  after you decided i wasnt “a good fit-”
jim:  it was-
nellie:  ah! it was. i went on a shopping spree. very destructive. i bought thirteen pianos. then i realized, what if sabre had a store? hmm? so i called jo, old friend, founder of sabre, and i told her and she grabbed me by the shoulders and she said, “yes!” so lets talk about the sabre store then. probably gonna look stupid, right? like a big turd with a door on the front, right? what do you think it should look like?
cathy:  um, it might be fun if each store had a different theme, like a beach one, a winter one, a jungle one.
nellie:  no, not a big fan of the winter aesthetic.
cathy:  well that was just one idea. it doesnt have to be winter.
nellie:  oh, no, it does. it does. it has to be winter, and i reject it. so i drew up a design concept. probably gonna be rubbish, right? would you like to look at it? just so you could laugh at it.
erin:  yeah!
nellie:  let me just get the projector working.
dwight:  uh. 
jim:  you got to stop with the antacids. its not the antidote.
dwight:  you didnt poison me, its just stress.
jim:  okay.
dwight:  what is the antidote?
jim:  true loves kiss.
nellie:  jim, help me lower this screen. youre a big, tall man.  youd be hilarious trying to do it, like a little boy. just let go of his balloon.
dwight:  ill do it! i always say, “you want something done right? ask dwight.” right? dwight. right? dwight. right dwight, right dwight. sorry, now youll never be able to get that out of your head. 
packer:  i can do it.
dwight:  mmm!  there we go.
dwight:   yes, a complete inability to pass gas, pervert. ugh, yeah, its tender. it cant be appendicitis, i eat more than enough bacon. okay, what poison mimics the symptoms of appendicitis? oh, you dont know? hold on.  what kind of poison did you use?
jim:  dwight, i didnt poison you. i was kidding.
dwight:  yeah, im gonna need an ambulance. hold on, i have the address in my phone.  hold on. hold on one second. uh, quick question. vice president, uh, who is that? theres no name listed.
nellie:  is there not? maybe im just waiting for someone to wow me. 
dwight:  send it to the frickin moon, idiot.
packer:  i tell you what though, since my move down to florida ive really gotten back into hunting big time.
nellie:  huntings so primal. almost sexual.
packer:  totally. i mean, id never bang an animal, you can hardly tell the difference between a boy or a girl, you know, but huntings intense.
dwight:  you talking about hunting? i love hunting. im a master hunter.
packer:  did you say “masturbator?”
dwight:  im a decent baiter. my cousin mose, thats a master baiter.
nellie:  why are you sitting down like that?
dwight:  why is everyone else standing up? okay team, lets get back to work! breaks over!
jim:  wow. are you that bored?
stanley:  its just rum. im not bored, im a pirate.
jim:  is that another motto?
stanley:  its whatever you want. 
jim:  mmm.
stanley:  or do you only drink with your kids?
jim:  ah, lets do it.  oh, thats healthy.
jim:  ive spent so much of my life telling myself “please, dont end up like stanley,” and now im wondering if i even have what it takes.
nellie:  we have the sabre pyramid, right? hmm? weve got a bunch of humans. you guys, humans… pyramid. human pyramid. do you follow? its a team-building exercise. youll love it. whos in? hmm?
packer:  yup. tallahassee, lets go.
erin:  jim, are you in?
jim:  oh, i dont know.
stanley:  sounds like a hoot. im in.
jim:  all right, what the heck? lets do it.
packer:  this is great. this is gonna be great.
nellie:  i feel like im in ancient egypt.
dwight:  ill be on top. its the most important position.
ryan:  dude, i think you have appendicitis.
dwight:   ahh!
ryan:  dwight?
jim:  dwight, why dont we just hold off with the human pyramids for a while?
dwight:  everyone stop moving! everyone stop wiggling! oh, i feel like im gonna vomit!
packer:  dude, dont you yak on me. this shirt is van heusen.
dwight:   stop moving!
jim:  no ones moving!
dwight:  oh! 
everyone:  oh, oh! 
dwight:  arrest jim. he poisoned me.
jim:  wha- no. no, it was not a poisoning.
jim:  the one thing pam made sure i knew, floridas pretty loose with the death penalty.
paramedic:  you need an operation. you have appendicitis.
ryan:  oh! who called it? nothin but net.
erin:  how long will he be gone?
paramedic:  two or three days.
dwight:  dont remember me like this. remember me as the man who pulled down the screen.
packer:  drama queen, am i right?
dwight:   phillip, if youre hearing this memo, that can only mean one thing, im dead. you are the rightful heir to schrute farms. please, you must do one thing. kill mose before he kills you.  mose, hey, its dwight. listen, yeah, i just want to give you a heads-up.
packer:  that was an interesting diversion. shall we get back to the meeting?
pam:  whoa, are those mini pizzas?
andy:  yeah, i figured wed keep things savory while oscars mouth is in canker country. i also have some bacon-wrapped dates on deck.
kevin:  look at these little mini pizzas. does this make me look huge?  hey guys, look at me, im huge.
andy:  hey darryl, good news, your fax went through.
darryl:  oh  yeah.
andy:  up high.
darryl:  yes sir. thanks.
andy:  dunder mifflin, this is andy.  i put out some new magazines, check it out.
creed:  ah, dwell.
andy:  im acting like i like reception and im a really good actor, so people are actually buying that i actually like reception, but, i mean, seriously, reception sucks.  oh, theres the phone!
dwight:  i just got out of surgery. whats going on? fill me in.
erin:  well, we broke into groups and the groups are doing presentations later.
dwight:  whos doing the presentations?
erin:  packers giving one.  jimll probably give ours, i guess.
dwight:  damn it!
erin:  lets see, what else have you missed? ryan switched his name tag to his pants, so now its like if you wear yours on your shirt, youre a total dip, but if you switch, youre a copycat. but i think i figured out a solution. what else? my shoes are gonna-
packer:  -features a tech support area. bring in your product, a bunch of nerdy virgins fix it on the spot. huge for building loyalty.
nellie:  very good point.
dwight:  yeah todd, decent idea. obvious, but interesting.
nellie:  dwight, are you all right?
dwight:  im great. how are you?
dwight:  whats our presentation about?
jim:  dwight, will you go back to the hospital? you were there for like three hours.
dwight:  i got the surgery, what else is there to do?
erin:  do a hundred jumping jacks.
dwight:  no, i dont feel like it. you do a hundred jumping jacks.
erin:  i dont feel like it either!
erin:   ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine-
dwight:  i want that vice-presidency.
jim:  you havent done any of the research.
dwight:  “youre too slow, youre too small, seabiscuit is a stupid name.” you guys sound just like the enemies of seabiscuit. im going to do it.
stanley:  aw, let him do it.
jim:  stanley, are you listening to music?
stanley:  yup.
dwight:  all right, whos ready for the next presentation?
nellie:  ah, what is your topic?
dwight:  what is our topic? oh, what a topic it is.
erin:  retail consumer habits.
dwight:  really? okay. retail consumer habits is…  the only thing you need to know about retail consumer habits is that consumers are mindless lemmings. they just want to be told what to do.  fast forward to today, and the retail consumer is independent, well-informed, super smart. super smart. okay.
dwight:  shopping habits are both seasonal and cyclical. what does this mean?
ryan:  i can field this one.
dwight:  no, sit down. “seasonal.” well, the christmas shopping season is certainly a busy one, back-to-school is, as well, and in early summer it seems to slow down a bit, but shopping is also cyclical. the menstrual cycle determines every choice a woman makes. you see, during ovulation, a womans only goal is to get pregnant, and during menses, she is sad that she has failed. and how does the woman console herself? shopping. shopping. just- jim, could you fetch me some ice chips? thank you. just gonna… take a… brief pause at this point.  thank you.  oh, god. next slide.
andy:  mail call!  his name is oscar, and he got some mail, and he better open it, or go to jail cause its your taxes. his name is kevin, and no mail for him, but he got a coupon, for some frozen… yogurt.
kevin:  are those the lyrics?
dwight:  andersons three pillars of retail. crucial. so important. next. are there any questions?
nellie:  what are the three pillars of retail?
erin:   convenience.
dwight:  ingredients.
erin:  service.
dwight:  burgers.
erin:  building loyalty.
dwight:  killing royalty. the truth be told, we should really disregard andersons three pillars. he was later diagnosed with dementia. you know what is important? is dwights pillars, and there is only one: desire. do we have a desire to dominate the retail space? not just succeed in it, but to dominate, and looking around this room im not so sure that we do, but we can get there, and i can lead us there, and that is all that matters.
nellie:  very true. where theres a will, theres a way. i once spent a passionate night with hugh grants brother, john grant. hes older than hugh, just a little bit uglier. how did i pull that off? sheer force of will. that is very good, dwight.
dwight:  thank you very much. any other questions? jim?
jim:  you are bleeding through your shirt.
dwight:  oops. thats embarrassing. egg on my face.  ah.
pam:  hey, having fun?
andy:  yes i am, as a matter of fact.
pam:  well i know how it is. i know its a lot of fun. i dont know how it is. andy, this is a lame job. what are you doing here?
andy:  i found my calling.
darryl:  andy, when i was twelve years old, we did a field trip, a lock-in at the zoo. i met this girl, i thought she was so perfect. i was in love with her. but when the sun came up, i knew it wasnt real, cause she was ugly and i had grown tired of her. i know you want reception today, but tomorrow you wont want to do her. shes a dog.
pam:  guys, i dont like this analogy.
andy:   ugh! fine. did you see this? 
pam:  its nice.
andy:  i mean… 
nellie:  how are you feeling?
dwight:  amazing. just lost four ounces of appendix, already replaced it with muscle.
nellie:  can i see the wound?
dwight:   oh god.
nellie:  oh! thats disgusting. thats barely healed.
dwight:  youre not paying me to heal, youre paying me to kick ass.
nellie:  a few hours ago, your body was open like a cabinet.
dwight:  thats right.
nellie:  that is amazing. todd, look at that.
packer:  oh, yikes. incoming- 
dwight:  ah! not so fast.
nellie:  would you come in early tomorrow so we can talk about the store over breakfast? i feel you  have a lot to offer.
packer:  it would be an honor, maam.
dwight:  ill go ahead and cancel my post-op check-up right now.
dwight:  i had two goals today. the first was to make myself the clear candidate for vice president. i achieved that, no thanks to my appendix. the second was to find a memorable souvenir for philip. for that, i do have to thank my appendix.
andy:   dunder mifflin, how can i help you save money on paper? this is andrew.
donna muraski:  hi andrew. what happened to erin?
andy:  oh, shes on an assignment in florida for a couple of weeks.
donna muraski:  oh, good for her. shes such a sweetheart. you tell her donna muraski misses her.
andy:  i miss her too.
nellie:  everyone, we have a very special guest. he turned an idea into a store, into hundreds of stores. i give you wally amos, founder of famous amos cookies. 
wally amos:  aloha, aloha, aloha. so i hear youre all looking to bake up some dough in the sales game. well, back when i was regular amos-
stanley:  whats under the cloth?
wally amos:  well get to that.
packer:  cookies. bet you anything its cookies.
wally amos:  its cookies. let me- let me finish my speech first.
nellie:  ah, we get the gist. its just success and effort, isnt it? so just, dont be coy, make with the cookies! 
erin:  famous, hi. im sure you get ideas for new cookies all the time, but i-
wally amos:  is it oatmeal with no raisins?
erin:  im sorry to have wasted your time.
