pam:   this is pam. oh my god, are you sure? uh, okay. okay, um, well be right there. everybody, the balloon is falling.
kevin:  nice.
pam:  theres this balloon that has been floating in the rafters of the warehouse for, like, ever. and, okay, its not — it doesnt sound cool. you just have to see it.
pam:  well, i guess it doesnt look that cool either. but, its been up there a long time, so its become a pretty big deal.
jim:  wow. its the end of an era.
pam:  did a good job, buddy. now its time to come home.
oscar:  i remember when that balloon went up there. i was still with gil. we were so happy.
kevin:  when that went up there, i had hair like rapunzel.
ryan:  how long do you think its been up there, kevin?
kevin:  i just remember pushing aside my silky bangs to say, “look, a balloon.”
dwight:  my warcraft clan was still on speaking terms.
meredith:  my kid didnt have a face tattoo.
darryl:  i was still thinking of going back to school.
jim:  and i was still just a paper salesman.
dwight:  well this has been fun, pam. thanks for calling us all down here. 
all:  kill the balloon. kill the balloon. kill the balloon. kill the balloon. kill the balloon.  
jim:  hey. so they accidentally gave us an extra egg sandwich this morning. who wants it?
kevin:  oooh
darryl:  me.
phyllis:  yeah.
dwight:  right here.
nellie:  allow me to solve your problem, then.
jim:  nellie
nellie:  mmm.  oh, that is disgusting. do you call that a king james breakfast pie?
jim:  what brings you to town?
nellie:  certainly not the harry houdini museum. what a nobody. oh look, some hungarian just found their way out of a sack. lets build a shrine. no, ive come to work here.
dwight:  what?
dwight:  how could robert transfer nellie here after the sabre store debacle? she stinks of failure. the fact that she could show her face around here is an embarrassment. i should know. im in an identical situation.
toby:  robert did say youd be joining us. welcome. im tony.
nellie:  mm.
pam:  what?
toby:  i- i said im tony. okay i made a mistake. i thought it might go unnoticed. but uh, im toby.
pam:  you messed up saying your name?
toby:  it happens, okay? uh, so lets just find an empty desk for you, and uh, im sure robert will be with you as soon as he gets in.
nellie:  that one looks empty.
jim:  no, thats andys office.
nellie:  oh, is it?
nellie:  i have one simple philosophy in business: if the seat is open, the job is open. its how i came to briefly race a formula one car. the three slowest laps ever recorded.
erin:  another beautiful day in tallahassee. ooh. good morning, alonzo.
alonzo:  good morning erin. 
erin:  how are you? hows your family doing?
erin:  bye.
erin:  look at this place! five rooms, and i get to clean them all. thats right. im a maid for an old lady. her grandsons staying with us too because he ran out of money.  listen to me, bragging away.
robert:  nellie.
nellie:  robert.
robert:  how are you adjusting to life in scranton so far?
nellie:  so far, so good.
robert:  good.
nellie:  water pressure in the hotel is marvelous.
robert:  ah, well, it is astounding what a difference that can make, isnt it?
nellie:  mm-hm.
robert:  now. lets find you something fun to do here, shall we?
nellie:  oh, ive already found it. i am manager, a natural next step. it fits like a glove.
robert:  we have a manager.
nellie:  do you really? because it is 10:00. ive been in this chair for an hour, and no other manager has come and sat in my lap.
robert:  excuse me, has anyone seen andy this morning?
kevin:  huh. yeah, thats weird. hes usually here by now. right guys?
andy:   hello.
robert:  andy, its robert. why arent you at work?
andy:  hey, robert. ah, i really wish i could come in to work today, but im super sick.
robert:  i dont care, i dont care. please come to work immediately.
andy:  okay, ill try to come in even though im really sick with the…
andy:   …florida flu.
robert:  he just hung up on me mid-sentence.
andy:  im in florida to get erin. as soon as i heard she wasnt coming back to scranton, i jumped straight in my car and drove straight down till i hit the ocean. my heart is my map. turns out, tallahassee is about 200 miles inland, so i overshot a good amount. but still, not bad for a heart map right?  oh, no. thanks a lot, bp.
robert:  not much we can do about this until he gets here.
jim:  cant you do something about this?
robert:  sometimes the flowers arrange themselves, jim.
jim:  -right.
jim:  what is going on? and wheres andy? and what is going on?
irene:  erin, you got a package.
erin:  im in the bathroom.
glenn:  wheres the postage? i mean, theres no shipping label.
irene:  did you wash your hands?
erin:  yes.
erin and irene:  
andy:   here i am; signed, sealed, delivered; im yours!
erin:  andy, what are you doing here? its great to see you.
andy:  uh, i am here to take you back to scranton. because i love you and i want to be with you.
irene:  wheres the ring?
andy:  hm?
irene:  wheres the ring, lancelot?
erin:  uh, would you guys mind if we talked privately for a second? sorry, glenn.
erin:  um, andy… i am so happy to see you. but im not coming back with you.
glenn:   why wont she go with him?
irene:   i dont know. maybe its cause hes not that handsome.
erin:  hey… dont listen.
nellie:  so what is going on? that does seem to be the question, doesnt it?  hey, this is messed up, bro. who is this weird lady?  i know. its a lot. so, who knows whats going on? anyone? you, yes. wait, i am very good at intuiting names. is it… chumbo?
jim:  i think its a cross between dumbo and jumbo, with a hint of chubby. its not a name.
nellie:  so no one can tell me whats going on. well, let me illuminate things for you. we are getting to know each other.  but why, mlady?  because i am your new manager.
pam:  robert, is nellie our new manager?
robert:   this is an odd situation. but its very interesting how its playing out.
robert:  we live in this world of routines and rhythms. kevin ate someones lunch. phyllis has a new necklace. who is this woman?
nellie:  i came in here simply trying to get to know you, learn your names, maybe have someone teach me the company song. and what i got in return was nothing but disrespect. you leave me no choice but to get to know you in a more intimate way.
kevin:  hot tub party?
nellie:  performance reviews.
pam:  how can you give us performance reviews if you dont know us?
nellie:  on first impressions, so i recommend smiling. it goes a long way with me.
glenn:  erin, you really nailed the hot dogs today.
erin:  oh, thanks. ive been re-using the hot dog water so it gets more flavor. its only going to keep getting better.
irene:  so, andrew, how does your skinny brunette girlfriend jessica feel about you visiting your ex-girlfriend?
andy:  well, were not really dating anymore, so… basically, i mean, i just have to cross a few ts and dot a few is, you know.
erin:  so you came to get me, but you still have a girlfriend.
irene:  i think you should leave, young man.
andy:  all right. technically, yes, i am still technically dating jessica. but when i realized that i wanted you back, i just jumped in the car and i drove down here, and i didnt want to stop until i saw you.
erin:  you didnt even stop to pee? gross.
jim:  any luck?
pam:  no. he just keeps letting all the calls go to voicemail.
andy:   please leave a message for andy bernard, include your na-
erin:  oh, youre doing so good. oh my god, youre superman over there. 
irene:  you should take it. its probably your girlfriend wondering where you are.
andy:  nope. its just work. not important. you know, i can really feel this is my quads, i can tell im getting stronger.
irene:  you really wouldnt feel those kinds of results after one session.
andy:  i dont know.  just let it vibrate. its fine.
irene:  you could put it on silent.
andy:  i dont think it does that.
irene:  just go to preferences, then click –
glenn:   proctology.
jim:   andy?
andy:  jim?
jim:  andy, where are you?
andy:  i- im home in bed. ive been in bed all day. i got the– i got the serious poops, man.
irene:  hes here in tallahassee, trying to turn my life upside down.
jim:  what? youre in florida? andy, nellie bertrams trying to take your job.
andy:  what do you mean, take my job?
jim:  like, set up camp in your office and is calling herself the manager.
andy:  okay… jim, i really appreciate you looking out for me, but im not coming home without erin. so ill talk to you later.
jim:  guys, we cannot do these performance reviews, okay? if we go into them, youre basically accepting nellie as your manager, and trust me, you do not want her as your manager.
angela:  trust you? the way pam trusted you to provide for her so she wouldnt have to work?
pam:  i like working here.
jim:  dwight, should she be our manager?
dwight:  i wouldnt let her manage a celery farm.
dwight:  those who cant farm, farm celery.
jim:  and when was the last time dwight and i agreed on anything ever? 
nellie:  all right. lets get going. first up, it is the woman with the beautiful fingernails and the tiny feet, phyllis.
phyllis:  nellie, im sorry, but i dont feel comfortable being evaluated by someone i dont know.
nellie:  oh. oh, okay. i understand. let me show you how these are gonna go. dwight.
dwight:  i refuse to be judged by someone that i do not respect. i lost respect for you in florida. if it was up to me, you would be in jail forever.
nellie:  dwight, i have completed your evaluation. youre getting a raise.
dwight:  what?
nellie:  dwight, you carry this company on your massive shoulders. you are our atlas, and for that do you not think you deserve a raise?
dwight:  theres no limit to what i think i deserve.
nellie:  then you accept it?
dwight:  five percent. no less.
nellie:  absolutely not. seven percent.
dwight:  six percent, i know my worth.
jim:  the raise isnt real.
dwight:  money isnt real ever since we got off the gold standard.
nellie:  so phyllis, now you know the rules of the game. would you care to have a go? im fairly certain youre going to like it.
pam:  phyllis.
phyllis:  pam.
nellie:  so, phyllis, i have been very impressed with you.
phyllis:  really?
nellie:  oh, yeah. the way you conquered your fear and came in here, and now the way you sit there… all very impressive.
jim:  um… are you aware that nellie is giving out raises?
robert:  i am not. huh.
jim:  yeah. she gave one to dwight, phyllis.
robert:  let me guess, you want one too? take the family to disneytown?
jim:  land. world. uh, its not that i dont want a– well, yes, i guess id take a raise. thats not what im saying. thats not– sorry.
robert:  jim, i told andy to come in, and yet he is still not in. by contrast, nellie bertram saw a vacuum and filled it. to make no mention of her business experience or her relationship with jo bennett, my boss.
jim:  yes.
robert:  jim, would you prefer a nature metaphor or a sexual metaphor?
jim:  oh, god, nature, please.
robert:  when two animals are having sex, one of them…
jim:  
robert:  … is communicating a message to the other. nothing is mutua– this isnt very helpful. youre gonna want to hear the sexual metaphor.
jim:  was that not the–
robert:  all life is sex. and all sex is competition.
jim:  mm-hm.
robert:  and there are no rules to that game. that wasnt so perverted, now was it?
jim:  was that it? no, that wasnt bad.
robert:  my point is, there is one person in charge of every office in america, and that person is charles darwin. in the end, doesnt he decide who the manager is?
jim:  no. i wouldve said no.
nellie:  mm, lets see, review, review, review. yes, good stuff. here you go, have a raise.
kelly:  oh, great.
jim:  i mean, if we go in there and take these raises, what are we saying? that its okay for someone to just take someone elses job? shouldnt work like that.
dwight:  no, you know what? nellies right. that is exactly how it should work. darryl, this office is mine now.
darryl:  no.
dwight:  yes.
darryl:  no.
dwight:  yes.
darryl:  no.
dwight:  yes.
darryl:  no.
dwight:  yes.
darryl:  no.
dwight:  yes. yes, sorry too late. im here. this is mine. back off.
dwight:   ow! ow, ow, ow. ow, ow, ow, ow.
dwight:   well fought. i accept the outcome.
creed:  touch me and ill sue.
erin:  ive heard thats amazing when it works.
andy:  yeah, if i had my own–
erin:  andy, i care about you and i think–
andy:  –sorry, you go.
erin:  no, go ahead.
andy:  well, i was just going to say that, if i had my own fountain, it would be two frogs that are spitting into each others mouth. its just stupid. what were you going to say?
erin:  andy, you broke my heart. do you know what it feels like to be constantly rejected by you and to have to watch you date someone else?
andy:  you broke my heart too.
erin:  you broke my heart more recently and more often. and i think at some point, in my head, it just sort of clicked that were not meant to be.
andy:  im so sorry that we have not loved each other at the same time.
erin:  i know.
andy:  
nellie:  so, pamela, im going to start this review, not by telling you what you lack, but rather, asking you what it is you want.
pam:  really? okay, well, um, i like consistency in the managers position, no weird silent coups. stuff like that. im easy.
nellie:  thats not really what you want. what you want is a good nights sleep, working mother of two.
pam:  whoa, thats kind of condescending. would you say something like that to jim?
nellie:  does jim have to breastfeed? did jim carry around those babies for– what is it? 12 months? be honest, does jim really get up in the night?
pam:  well, i mean, the only reason he doesnt is because im breastfeeding, and phillip doesnt like a bottle.
nellie:  you must be exhausted. fancy a nap?
pam:  no.
nellie:  go on. have a nap. lie down right here. theres a blanket in here. i used it earlier myself. dreamt i could breathe underwater like jacques cousteau. no one will know. ill wake you up. and when you wake up, you will earn more money.
pam:  i think… youre a witch.
nellie:  i think youre amazing. you know that, right? go on, say it: “im amazing.”
pam:   im amazing. 
irene:  erin, i think youre making a big mistake right now. andy is a nice boy.
erin:  really? cause youve been kind of a b to him all afternoon.
irene:  i was protecting you because i thought he was no good. but i can tell you really like him. and hes willing to lose his job for you, in this economy with europe on the brink–
erin:  irene, what would you do without me?
irene:  were not your concern, sweetheart. besides, glenns going to sue home depot.
erin:  why?
irene:  he got his foreskin caught in some lawn furniture.
nellie:  jim, time for your review.
jim:  no, its not, because you dont really work here.
nellie:  why are you so staunchly defending your friend, who has abandoned you? wouldnt you rather come talk with me? maybe definitely get a raise?
jim:  yeah, thats the thing. i dont know if you can even give raises.
nellie:  jim, have you ever heard of a character named tinkerbell?
jim:  yes.
nellie:  im tinkerbell.
jim:  no.
nellie:  mm-hm. im a magical fairy who floated into your office to bring a little bit of magic into your lives, to give you all raises.
stanley:  and we are grateful.
nellie:  but heres the thing about tinkerbell, jim. everyone has to believe in her or she doesnt exist.
jim:  she dies.
nellie:  she dies! now who here believes in tinkerbell?
jim:  lets see it. show of hands.
kevin:  i do.  come on everyone…
jim:  all right, guys, stop.
meredith:  i already spent the money.
jim:  how?
kevin:  come on jim, youre killing her!
all:  we believe! we believe!
robert:  look at this wonderful recognition of nellies leadership. i believe. 
andy:  that did not go how i wanted it to. ugh. i have a whole ton of erins favorite food for the drive back, eggplant parm.  its biodegradable. animals will eat it.
erin:  andy wait!  andy! andy wait! dont go! andy i love you! stop! oh, this is the wrong prius. i dont love you. im sorry.
andy:  erin!
erin:  andy. 
erin:  lets get out of here.
andy:  okay.
erin:  lets go.
andy:  wait, we have to go back and get your stuff.
erin:  no, i dont have any stuff.
andy:  like your toothbrush and stuff.
erin:  i dont have one.
andy:  you dont have a toothbrush?
erin:  no.
andy:  how do you not have a toothbrush?
erin:  i just… theres always one around.
andy:  you just use whichever one is sitting there?
erin:  i always find one. have you ever heard of buying a toothbrush?
andy:  of course. i own my toothbrush.
nellie:  i grew up poor. i had little formal education. no real skills. i dont work especially hard, and most of my ideas are either unoriginal or total crap. and yet, i walked right into a job for which i was ill-prepared, ill-suited, and somebody else already had, and i got it. if you ask me, thats the american dream right there. anything can happen to anyone. its just random.
