andy:   christmas tiiiime is heeeere!  wow. thanks guys, that sounded amazing. hi, im andy bernard and i am the first office santa ever to make holiday wishes come true.
andy:  whos excited to get their holiday wishes?
stanley:  holiday wishes.
andy:  whats that, stanley?
stanley:  we know exactly what holiday youre referring to.
andy:  it is important to be mindful of all belief systems at our holiday party.
stanley:  ive been here eighteen years and have suffered through some weird thematic christmases. a honolulu christmas, a pulp fiction christmas, a muslim christmas, moroccan christmas. mo-rocca christmas. i dont want it. christmas is christmas is christmas is christmas.
jim:  i got stanley tickets to see lewis black for his birthday. …might not have been the best idea.
stanley:  i dont want no kwanza wreath, i dont need a dreidel in my face, thats its own thing. and whos that black santa for?! i dont care! i know santa aint black! i could care less. i want christmas! just give me plain baby jesus, lying in a manger, christmas!
meredith:  what is the status on my wish?
andy:  fulfilled! brought my bicycle, so i can be your designated driver later. in the event that you drink to much, which is by no means required.
dwight:  what about my wish that we dont have to attend meetings that degrade our sense of adulthood?
andy:  that, i cannot do, but i did get you an acre of property on the moon.
dwight:  where? dark side or light side?
andy:  light side.
dwight:  is it by the sea of tranquility?
andy:  as a matter of fact, yes. directly adjacent….beachfront.
dwight:  thank you, andy.
andy:  so, whos wish is next? oh, what about santas wish? my biggest wish is that you all get along well with jessica….cmon guys, jessica?…jim, tell em who jessica is.
jim:  shes not your grandmother, is she?
andy:  ugh! gam-gams name is ruth, jim, you should know. i introduced you on speakerphone that time?
jim:  yeah.
andy:  jessica is my super serious girlfriend, who is seriously awesome and seriously sexy. only thing thats not serious, by the way? our repartee.
creed:  thats great. when you know you know. hey, whats ruths deal, man?
andy:  totally out of your league. so in summation, ho ho ho, please be nice to jessica and mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault, and dont go near gam-gam.
erin:  i love jessica, and i havent even met her yet. its like we dont even need to meet, you know? i already love you. stay home.
kelly:  i just want you to know that i will be mean to jessica if you want me to be.
erin:  oh no, no. its fine, kelly.
kelly:  its really no problem. i was already planning on being mean to her.
erin:  thats ok, i dont want you to do that.
robert:   hello, ah. merry christmas, erin. kelly, happy pancha ganapati.
kelly:  eww, what is that?
robert:  the five day hindu celebration in december honoring the god ganesh, patron of the arts.
kelly:  cool.
kevin:  hey, man.
robert:  hey!  oh!
kevin:  how ya holdin up…because of your wife leaving you?
oscar:  kevin?
robert:  i actually appreciate the human intimacy. feel like a kitten being cradled by a gorilla.
kevin:  yeah.
robert:  its been ten days since i had sexual intercourse.
andy:  well you came to the right place….ah, this, this partyll cheer you right up.
robert:  i hope so. the corporate party was wretched. i am so tired of the black eyed peas. its rock-n-roll for people who dont like rock-n-roll. its rap for people who dont like rap. its pop for people who dont like pop…..ah, heartbreaking. 
andy:  oh, thank you.
andy:  well, i hate to have to take my santa hat off, and put on my hard ass hat.  but, this is serious. its come to my attention that somebody who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.
dwight:  fine with me. jim can leave anytime he wants. goodbye.
jim:  it wasnt me.
andy:  it wasnt either of you.
jim:  kathy wants to leave our clump?
andy:  sh sh sh sh! dont look. who it was is not important…but she did say that your constant pranking and one-upsmanship is driving her crazy. she or he.
dwight:  i just wanna say, this is not my fault. ok? the weak always bully the strong. contrary to what you see in the media. i am always acting in self-defense. occasionally preemptive self-defense. 
jim:  ow, what are you doing? 
andy:  hey! hey! respect the hat!
jim:  pam never seemed to have a problem with us.
andy:  alright. im gonna speak in a language you both understand….mo-nay.
jim:  what was that?
dwight:  what is it?
andy:  money….you both have sizable christmas bonuses coming your way. if i catch either of you messing with the other, i will give both bonuses to the other person.
jim:  cant do that.
dwight:  no, absolutely not.
andy:  you need consequences. ok? i want you both walking on eggshells.
jessica:  hi. im jessica. im looking for andy?
erin:  jessica. yes. we dont say hi, we hug.  im erin.
jessica:  oh!  oof!
erin:  sorry, hi, i hope you feel really welcome, we all want you here.
jessica:  oh.
andy:  my ex is meeting my sex….which is always scary, you know? and not just because you think they might talk about your penis…thats just part of it.
andy:  hey! jess, erin, i hope youre not talking about my penis.  hi.
jessica:  hi.
andy:  hey everyone! i want you to meet jessica, she is an assistant cross country coach at bryn mawr.
erin:  wow.
andy:  erin, by the way, amazing receptionist.
jessica:  oh, thats great. backbone of the office.
erin:  which is funny, actually, because my spine is a mess.
andy:  what?
jessica:  oh.
erin:  scoliosis. had to wear a back brace for three years but i never did. 
andy:  oh no.
jessica:  ah..
andy:  ut oh, its kicking in. spontaneous scoliosis.
jessica:  spontaneous scoliosis. 
erin:  oh.
darryl:  this thing could take your arm off, your head off, you know, just exercise caution.
val:  thank you.
darryl:  alright.
val:  alright.
darryl:  oh yeah, and um theres a christmas party upstairs tonight, wanted to tell you about.
val:  isnt that just for popsicles?
darryl:  popsicles?
val:  yeah, upstairs people? cause you got a stick up your butt?
nate:  ah! see, i, i, i thought it was because theyre so rich they could all eat popsicles all the time.  i, in my, i…
darryl:  well you should definitely come. the foreman always comes. plus its fun, you know cookies, smoked fish, alcohol, people acting stupid.
nate:  you had me at “clookies.” i cant wait to find out what they are.
val:  what should i wear?
darryl:  oh, its nice, its real nice. people get dressed up.
nate:  i will look so handsome for you, darryl.
jim:  ah… im gonna s- 
jim:  dwight really wants my bonus. hes trying to entrap me. oh god, now i cant drink at this thing….i get really pranky when i drink.
robert:  erin, what can i get for you?
erin:  uh, do you have cola? kirkland if you have it.
robert:  now why would you come to a bar and ask for a cola when you can get some from the kitchen? did some small part of you want something a little stronger? ryan, kevin, phyllis, oscar, come and take these shots!
ryan:  yes!
oscar:  yes!
ryan:  will do.
robert:  the fifth one is for you, erin. you could take it or leave it. to take it would be to accept that youre at a party and youre an adult woman, with an adventurous spirit. to leave it would be fine too.
phyllis:  one, two three! 
kevin:  yes.
erin:  ok. 
robert:  mmm. wow.
erin:  whoo! jiminy christmas!
robert:  jiminey christmas indeed.
erin:  hit ‘er up.
robert:  oh.
kevin:  oh yes.
ryan:  whoo!
erin:  yeah! 
oscar:  wow.
jim:   uh, yeah. i just got my replacement credit card…you want the number? oh its uh four seven nine three, zero zero three two, three three one three. the security code is nine two seven. ok great. thank you very much. bye.
jim:  so dwight did take the bait. he used my credit card numbers to send a two hundred dollar bouquet of flowers, to my wife…from me.
dwight:   boom!
ryan:  but look, its christmas, so youre allowed… whoa, hello. um, youre allowed to do…
kevin:  good cookie.
darryl:  i meant dressed up compared to normal. you usually dress like a ghost-buster.
val:  ok.
darryl:  i thought youd wear a sweater.
val:  since when does a sweater mean “dressed up”? am i your grandson?
darryl:  come on, stay, alright? its good for people to get to know you.
val:  as a contestant on dancing with the stars, maybe.
erin:   i want.. my sugar free cookie, and then i want a sugar cookie.  and then i want my nap!
stanley:  thats right. 
erin:  whoo!  thank you.
robert:  she, she is remarkable.
andy:  edgy impressions.
erin:  thank you.
andy:  how many drinks have you had tonight? i cant be driving everybody home.
erin:  a thousand.
andy:  whoa! maybe you should take a break.
erin:   maybe you should mind your own business.  just kidding!
dwight:  ah! ive been attacked! oh my god! oh! someone put a porcupine in my drawer!
toby:  oh my god.
dwight:  yeah, i was just sitting here at my desk and i, i reached into my drawer to grab my toothbrush and some tooth powder and, and all of a sudden i was attacked by this blood thirsty rabid creature!
jim:  i wonder, in this office, who has access to a porcupine?
dwight:  or who in this office knows that i have access and is trying to set me up?
jim:  hmm…
toby:  you know this sounds a lot like the premise of my latest chad flendermen novel. a murder for framing.
toby:  chad flendermen. just an easy going black guy, he knows the streets, yet he also went to oxford. so. just as comfortable on a motorcycle as he is on air force one. oh and hes also the worlds leading egyptologist.
angela:  toby! nobody cares about your sex-crazed black detective.
toby:  no, no, no, no, no. women chase him. he misses his wife.
dwight:  hello? lacerated hand here folks.
jim:  nice try, this is ridiculous.
dwight:  oh is it really? two separate times you have set me up to believe i was being recruited by the cia.
jim:  three times.
dwight:  you see?
andy:  jim, this has your fingerprints all over it.
jim:  andy, youve gotta be kidding me.
toby:  fingerprints can be planted. you know with a severed hand…
kelly:  do you think thats what happened? do you think he used a severed hand?
jim:  ok, you know what? why dont we just call animal control…
dwight:  might wanna run that by angela cause its so cute.
angela:  no. porcupines dont have souls. theyre like dogs.
jim:   yes, im calling from dunder mifflin. we have a very rabid porcupine in our office, someone should come pick it up.
dwight:  come down right away!
jim:  uh, i dont know, let me ask.  uh, were you quilled?
dwight:  yes, i was quilled.
jim:  and whats its name?
dwight:  henrietta.
jim:  oops. 
andy:  what? …alright, get her out of here, dwight.
erin:  hey, guys. i just wanted to say. come here! im so happy you guys are together. ok?  and you both have such beautiful hair.
jessica:   thank you.
erin:  i hope you guys get married….and who knows? maybe at the wedding, i meet someone.
andy:  ok!
erin:  and later on tonight, i hope i see you guys kiss.  ah!  ok, well im gonna go do another reverse spit. thats how the cool kids say “get a drink”. 
jessica:  thats uh, thats the girl you dated.
andy:  um, yeah, shes not always like that. its um…
jessica:  no, she, she seems fine.
andy:  yeah, uh, excuse me.
jessica:  ok.
andy:  yep.  hey!
erin:  hey.
andy:  have you had anything to eat besides candy canes?
erin:  every martini has an olive.
andy:  ok…maybe i should make you some oatmeal or something.
kevin:  i dont wanna put you out, but if someones making oatmeal, ill take a apple cinnamon and a maple brown sugar in one bowl with whole milk.
erin:  hey, i never told you my christmas wish.
andy:  ah, ok.
erin:  its about you.
andy:  thats not what it should be, it should just be like a trinket or something.
erin:   its that i wish jessica was dead.
andy:  you you, wait. you mean you wish she wasnt here or something.
erin:  i wish she was in a graveyard! under the ground…with worms coming out of her mouth.
andy:  hey, you know, you cant say that, ok? thats my girlfriend that youre talking about. you and i are not together anymore. you need to get over it! take your wish back.
erin:  too late! its already been wished! and you promised it would come true. you wrote it in an email! so, which one are you? a murderer or a liar? 
kevin:  hey.
erin:  hey.
kevin:  so, there was talk of oatmeal.
phyllis:  you know, dont listen to what anyone is saying. you look like a, a princess.
val:  yeah. thanks.
andy:  i swear…
jessica:  did you not…
andy:  i was too embarrassed! 
jim:  hey guys, sorry to interrupt, i uh, just found this on my desk.  need to talk to somebody about it. can you believe that?
phyllis:  is that cici?
jim:  yes. it is.
andy:  um.
phyllis:  thats awful.
andy:  cici is jims daughter.
jessica:  oh my god. how could somebody do that?
jim:  i know, i mean the way i see it is you can deface any picture of me, any one, pick one. not my kid though.
oscar:  who did this? who did this? do you know who did this?
jim:  i dont-
andy:  i know who did this….dwight.
phyllis:  dwight?
jim:  yeah.
andy:  dwight.
oscar:  no!
phyllis:  he should pay.
andy:  yeah. he is gonna pay. this is fire-able.
jim:  o…k.
andy:  its, i mean.
jim:  let me just see that one more time. yep, you know what? i know who my friends are, now. but i shouldnt have got you involved because the truth is, i dont even really care about this picture, its a little out of focus. it was probably an accident, right? like…
oscar:  thats no accident.
jim:  right. youre right. so maybe it was me who did it…by accident.
phyllis:  what?
oscar:  what?
jim:  ill figure it out, get to the bottom of it….merry merry.
dwight:  enough of this garbage.  this is christmas.  hi-yah!!!!!  yeah!!!! christmas!!!!
jim:  you alright, santa?
andy:  you know those movies where two friends are sleeping together and its like, hey, can they stay friends?
jim:  yes.
andy:  do you think two friends who are not sleeping together can stay friends?
jim:  two friends who are not sleeping together, can they remain friends? yes, yeah.
andy:  no…i dont, hmm, i dont know.
jim:  ok.
andy:  by the way, im not gonna mess with you and dwights bonuses. i think its causing more problems. so just be yourselves, have fun, and try not to let it affect your work.
jim:  alright. i will definitely do that.
andy:  alright, ill tell dwight.
jim:  you know what? youre sitting, and thinking, and its probably better if it comes from me anyway.
andy:  christmas miracles do happen.
jim:  yes. they totally do.
ryan:  you cant click on these kardashian links, thats why you have so many viruses.
kelly:  well help me, ok? just, uh take…
ryan:  im trying but you need to-
erin:  hey.
kelly:  yo.
erin:  game on.
kelly:  on it.
jessica:   i dont know what i was thinking, it was awful…
kelly:  jessica, did you just fart? 
kelly:  and that, is how its done.
erin:  i would like another alcohol.
robert:  lets you and i take a walk. oscar, youre in charge of the bar.
oscar:  what? i havent bar tended in forever. oh, never considered myself a mixologist, oh this is daunting. um, i need a mortar, pestle, muddler..does anyone have any chocolate shavings?
robert:  your heart is broken. so is mine.
erin:  and…
robert:  and what?
erin:  and you have any advice or anything?
robert:  no  my god.
erin:  …help me feel better…
robert:  ive been married thrice and each has ended in an acrimonious divorce, im not sure im the best person to give love advice….i was hoping you were gonna make me feel better.
nate:  when you do your makeup,
jessica:  uh huh.
nate:  how long you, does it take usually? cause…
jessica:  um, it ta-, um it depends.
toby:  …..chad flendermens kryptonite. 
creed:  whoa. we got a real clarence thomas here.
darryl:  hi.
jessica:  ill see you at home?
andy:  ok great.
jessica:  ok
andy:  perfect.
jessica:  bye …i still dont get why you cant just call her a cab and pay for it.
andy:  i would, it just, that wasnt the holiday wish.
jessica:  oh
meredith:  either he drives or i drive. now im drunk and mad.
jessica:  ok  bye.
andy:  ok, bye.  alright meredith,
meredith:  thank you santa.
andy:  you bet.
andy:  thank god erins getting a ride home with robert because she is trashed.  and who better to drive her home than robert, i mean, what a stand up guy, you know? i mean hes going through a lot, separating from his wife, showing up to the christmas party in a track suit and a blazer,
andy:  lets go, lets go.
meredith:  i know, im coming, im coming, im coming, im coming, im coming.
andy:  hang on.
meredith:  alright. 
andy:  what?
meredith:  whoa! my stuff!
andy:  what is all that?
meredith:  its my valuables!
andy:  its junk!
meredith:  this is my treasures, no theyre my treasures!
andy:  youre a hoarder. my god!
meredith:  no im not, im gonna sell it on ebay! no no no, you be careful. be careful.
andy:  ah! my santa suits stuck.
dwight:   what are we gonna do with all that bonus money, henrietta? huh?
meredith:  where are we? this aint my street.
andy:  sh, sh, sh, sh, shh.
meredith:  ah, this is the posh part of town, huh?
andy:  oh my god.
meredith:  wonder what a studio condo would cost in this neighborhood?
andy:  meredith, shut your drunk hole right now.
robert:  erin, it was great fun tonight. take a few aspirin and a whole lot of water, sleep in in the morning.
erin:  thank you, goodnight.
meredith:  what are you smiling for? you thinkin what im thinkin?
andy:  im sure i am not. lets get you home.
meredith:  ow! take it easy.
andy:  whoo.
dwight:   ah, man. ah, fell asleep, took a nap. hey guys, ah i feel refreshed now. hows it goin?
oscar:  dwight.
dwight:  took a little nap right next to jims desk. i feel so good right now. mmm, cookies. whats everyone staring at?
jim:  oh man, i was supposed to tell dwight something……cmon, jim.  i got nothin.
robert:  where can i get a drink? oh…
andy:  oh, uh. well, we thought we wouldnt put the alcohol out till 11am. its just…common…decency.
robert:  par for the course. par for the…freaking course. ill be in the party room having a cookie until 11. haha! yule-log.
robert:  not destroyed. no….. not destructive. quite…off-kilter, sure. but… thats too vague.  erratic. darkly erratic.  thats my mood.
meredith:  cake?…you seem a little down.
robert:  i am.  im a mess.
meredith:  how about i fix you some warm milk with some bourbon?
robert:  oh, that sounds nice.
meredith:  maybe watch a movie…under a blanket…
robert:  lovely. wait, where is this taking place?
meredith:  the murphy bed of my basement.
robert:  what…is happening to me?  the lines in your haggard face are paths that lead nowhere. your hair is the fire of hell.  i sincerely hope you find a sexual partner tonight
andy:  its come to my attention that someone, who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.
jim:  cathy wants to leave our clump?
andy:  dont look. who it was is not important…but she did say that your constant pranking and one-upsmanship is driving her crazy. she or he.
dwight:  hey. enjoy your new clump.
kathy:  thanks.
dwight:  its so much closer to the bathroom, right?
kathy:  yeah.
dwight:  uh huh.
jim:  sorry it didnt work out. hope you find what youre looking for.
kathy:  no, i just have more room.
jim:  thats ok.
dwight:  youll be fine over there.
erin:   sorry guys, jim! this package came for you, do you want me to put it on your desk?
jim:  thatd be great, thank you. 
dwight:  so, i got this bucket from jims garage and i filled it with everything disgusting. except excrement. i cant wait to see the look on his face when that falls on my face.  dammit kathy
andy:  for the past month, i have been collecting wishes from everyone in the office, and i intend to make good on every single one of them.
andy:  oh, i see.
andy:  now look, i may not have a great laugh like santa, or a flying sled. but tell you what i do have. a prius, a heart of freaking gold….
kevin:  this.
andy:  alright, you got it.
andy:  …and an american express green card.
andy:  ryan, for your holiday wish, you wanted ten sick days.
ryan:  id be satisfied with eight.
andy:  well ill do you one better.
ryan:  nine?
andy:  i got you health insurance.
ryan:  oh, neat.
andy:  yeah! right? but with great perks come great responsibility, so im gonna be expecting a lot more from you…no more zoning out in your office.
ryan:  oh, great.
andy:  yes
