jim:  oh ho! look whos back reporting for duty.
pam:  hey guys!
all:  hey.
pam:   hi.
andy:  pam! ahh! look what i can do now that shes no longer pregnant.  bam! bam! bam! bam!
phyllis:  are you glad to be back?
pam:  yeah. yeah, i mean i could have used another week, or three.
stanley:  you still had eight weeks more than we did.
pam:   well, its not exactly a vacation.
angela:  hello everyone! remember little old me. hi!
dwight:  what are you doing here? you just had our baby. our collective dunder mifflin…family baby. four days ago.
angela:  i wanted to come back to work. not everybody needs some long luxurious parisian maternity leave. 
pam:  what?!
kelly:  damn girl! your body!
oscar:  angela, you look amazing.
angela:  really? i feel like this big rhinoceros. anyway, i wanted to thank you guys for covering for me so i made some treats. ive got brownies and magic cookie bars.
group:  
pam:  oh angela, those brownies have walnuts in them and i think kevins allergic to walnuts. youre allergic to walnuts, right kevin?
kevin:  extremely, but im gonna fight through it.
pam:  aw. its ok angela. i have mommy brain too.
angela:  i dont know what that is, pam. i made a batch with no nuts, special for you kevin, right here.
pam:  when did you find time to do all this?
angela:  babies sleep a lot pam, if you feed them enough. brownie pam?
pam:  thank you.  oh my gosh. its really good.
angela:  i wouldnt know, im watching my weight. ugh.
pam:  so you guys, you know whats an even more useful treat…is cash. so-
jim:  nope. its over.
pam:  …we wanted to say thank you-
jim:  nope. ok.
andy:  dwight, i have exciting news for you.
dwight:  what?
andy:  i think youre going to like it.
dwight:  you cant tantalize me.
andy:  oooh, maybe i can.  i got an email… from corporate….that told me that…
dwight:  ok. 
andy:  that… you got a promotion!  right? i mean thats not the kinda thing you wanna read quietly at your desk.
dwight:  if you make me head of sales one more time, i swear.
andy:  no, this is legit. you will be assembling a team to go to tallahassee for three weeks to develop and launch a chain of sabre stores.
dwight:  yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes, yes, yes, hi-yes! yeah yeah yeah yeah!
dwight:  the shrutes have a word for when everything comes together in a mans life perfectly: perfectinschlag. hmm. right now, i am in it. i finally get a chance to prove myself to corporate, i am assembling a competent team, i am likely a father, i am so deep inside of perfectinschlag right now. and just to be clear, there is a second definition, “perfect pork anus” which i dont mean.
erin:  and heres the fax for you.
andy:  and heres some facts for you. did you know frogs can hear with their lungs? and that flamingos can have orgasms that last 30 minutes.
erin:  ah! love to learn.
andy:  yeah, its weird that i said that last one.
erin:  so… 
andy:  uh yeah, look at that.
erin:  were pin twins.
andy:  pin twins! this is a gift from jessica, kind of a gag gift really. real gifts come later.
erin:  yeah. thats cute. when i saw it in cvs it made me gag too. 
erin:  for a while there i thought something would change. but nope. andys still with jessica, they even carpool together most days. i dont know, i wouldnt mind carpooling every day with andy, but i wouldnt want to spend that much time with jessica.
darryl:  what do we have here?
darryl:  val knit me a beanie. but i cant if its a “were just friends” beanie or a “im hot, youre hot, lets get it poppin” beanie. so im gonna up the ante, give her a clearly romantic gift, and well get to the meaning of the beanie.
dwight:  pam, pack up your post-natal swimwear, make it a one piece or this offer is rescinded, and join me on a fantastic barbeque one week from today in tallahassee, florida where im going to be living for the next three weeks.
pam:  really?
dwight:  mm hm.
pam:  ill fly anywhere for some good barbeque.
jim:  ooh, me three.
dwight:  eh! no plus ones. this is for competent workers only. and dont worry about the cost, sabre is footing the bill.
pam:  does this have anything to do with what you were talking to andy about?
dwight:  god, youre such a spy.
darryl:   notice anything different about me?
val:  youre wearing the beanie. you like it?
darryl:  super comfortable. like sweatpants for my head.
nate:  i love it too val. its its really itchy, uh but to be fair my head is constantly itching so i cant really peg it on the hat.
darryl:   wow. its like the nation of islam down here.
val:  i like to knit, dont hate. and whos that for?
darryl:  oh, this is a gift, for….my man nate here.
nate:  what?
darryl:  yeah.
nate:  darryl, you shouldnt have.
darryl:  hey.
nate:  can i open it?
darryl:  no, no, no. maybe just later.
nate:  ah, i cant wait. im sorry. i get too excited.  darryl.
val:  wow. those are really nice.
nate:  theyre so elegant.
val:  cashmere.
nate:  howd you know?
darryl:  just a hunch. your gift is on the way.
val:  cant wait.
nate:   “im glad youre in my life. happy valentines day.” ugh, darryl. i am glad to be in your life too. oh, your card is more beautiful than the gloves.
dwight:  my first task as special project manager dwight shrute? assembling a crack team. i need people who are loyal. people wholl help me get an inroad with the gay hispanic community. people who wont be missed. we dont need idiots, good for nothings, methheads or… whats your name?
kathy:  kathy.
dwight:  kathy.
jim:  i just got a text from robert california that says “bring your clubs to florida”.
pam:  why? does he think youre going to florida?
jim:  i hope not.  because i am not going. two question marks?
pam:  no, just do one. two question marks is kind of aggressive. you know its like wha-what?? just do one.
andy:  you wanna take darryl, phyllis, toby, angela and oscar?
dwight:  yes.
andy:  can i interest you in someone less essential? like uh a creed or a meredith perhaps?
dwight:  oh my god.
andy:  theyre not expendable exactly, i just cant…i cant think of the word im trying to find.
dwight:  are you kidding me?! im supposed to get in an airplane with those nincompoops? wed never get off the runway.
andy:  alright, look. i gotta keep this office functioning somehow. so, i have put together a list, heres your team. darryl and phyllis you can have, but youre also taking kathy, kelly and kevin.
dwight:  oh god.
andy:  you have your team.
dwight:  kevin!? kelly!? kathy!? andy just gave me a chain with three weak links. have you ever tried to use a chain with three weak links? i have. and now i no longer own an arctic wolf.
pam:  well, lets hear it.
jim:  “robert, hey!” exclamation point.
pam:  i like it so far.
jim:  “got your text, awesome idea. lets hit the links next time youre in pa” dash jh.
pam:  its perfect. you emphasized the golf, completely omit the florida.
jim:  yeah, its a golf text.
pam:  total golf text. send it.
jim:  duh- wait. i just feel weird. i should just call him.
kelly:  you wanna call someone? that texted you!? do you wanna drive them away? i mean, ugh.
darryl:   this is darryl.
bob:  oh, sorry i asked for the main shipping number. i just need the address for the warehouse? i want to send my girlfriend some flowers.
darryl:  your girlfriend? is your girlfriend val?
bob:  yeah, do you know her?
darryl:  were friends. were friends.
bob:  cool. um, so can i get that address or…?
darryl:  yeah sorry, im just looking for a pen.
bob:  why do you need a pen?
darryl:  back off! i got my reasons.
dwight:  may i have your attention please? could kathy, darryl, phyllis, kevin and kelly please join me in the conference room immediately?
kelly:  why?
dwight:  oh, no big deal. its just that you five have been deemed most deserving of a three week all expenses paid business trip to tallahassee, florida.
kelly:  hell yeah.
stanley:  what?!
dwight:  oh, im sorry stanley, i cant share any more details with you. you see, andy rejected you.
meredith:  wait. kathy gets to go? uh, why does she even still work here? pam is back.
oscar:  it just feels like a slap in the face.
dwight:  i can understand your pain and your rage, but you know what? andy is an honorable man, let us not question his choices. im sure he had his reasons.
oscar:  were not questioning his reasons. i just wanna know what they are.
dwight:  i know, you and me both, brother. it seemed kinda random to me, but he was pretty clear on who he thought truly deserved this boondoggle of a lifetime.
kevin:  well, he nailed it because i do deserve a vacation. sometimes batmans gotta take off his cape.
dwight:  good point. but were gonna be working pretty hard until five pm. after that its gonna be beach volleyball, trips to cape canaveral, and sea kayaking with gloria estefan.
ryan:  what are the criteria for going?
dwight:  it might be innate goodness versus innate badness? but theres an easy way to find out.  oh andy, gotta few questions for you.
andy:  mooshie mooshie. 
dwight:  uh, the florida picks got out, and people were just kind of curious as to why they werent picked and maybe you could just clarify?
andy:  well uh…well the deliberations were confidential so…i feel like we should respect that.
stanley:  respect it? youre trying to tell me kevin malone deserves more than stanley hudson.
kevin:  hey!
angela:  ok, its obvious andy picked the people that are least important to the office.
kelly:  important? oh because you and your enormous monster baby are so important to the branch.
angela:  my baby is not a monster!
dwight:  hey. be proud of your enormous monster baby. i was once an enormous monster baby.
andy:  guys. guys. guys. come on, seriously? we cannot let this trip cause this kind of rift, guys!
ryan:  stop calling us “guys”.
andy:  i use the word “guys” a lot when im nervous…guys.
andy:  guys! guys! guys!
group:  stop it!
andy:  guys..
ryan:  stop. stop it andy.
oscar:  …andy.
andy:  dudes…the dudes who are going to florida were picked by dwight and me.
dwight:  ok hey. i specifically remember there were a lot of other people i thought should be considered.
andy:  wha-
stanley:  if anybodys going to florida, it should be me. every shirt i have that isnt a work shirt is a tommy bahama. im the only person in this office who watches burn notice.
andy:  ok, i did not realize that so many of you wanted to go so badly, so if you feel like you have a very good reason to go to florida, im happy to hear you out.
dwight:  great idea! so why doesnt everyone just take the next five to six hours, come up with a statement on why you feel you deserve to go to florida and andy and i will listen to it.
andy:  no. that is a ridiculous waste of time.
kelly:  for you maybe.
andy:  five to six hours?
dwight:  three to four hours.
andy:  no no no no.
dwight:  two to three hours…
andy:  nope.
dwight:  come up with a statement in the next hour….
andy:  thirty minutes!
creed:  im out.
pam:  ok, read it back to me.
jim:   robert, great offer. wish i could hit the links with you in florida but a father of a newborn really should be helping out his wife any chance he gets.
pam:  good. doesnt sound pushy…youre just stating a fact.
erin:  absolutely. works for me.
jim:  ok, sending.
pam:  well done. and we managed to kill the entire morning.
jim:  really did  he responded l-o-l.
erin:  
phyllis:  i have a new swimsuit i need to break in….
meredith:  i am…
dwight:  i have already picked my team: darryl, oscar, angela, phyllis and toby and that is the team that i am taking. whats that? its not up to me? i only have influence? well, thats all baltzer gladfielder had and no one eats owls for thanksgiving.
ryan:  you have two young dynamic people in this office who know trends, who know youth. thats myself and kelly kapoor, you need one of us there.
andy:  or both?
ryan:  not both. just one, me. or if not me, kelly. ideally me. again, youth knowledge. thats what you get when you put ryan howard on your special project team…or kelly kapoor. again, not both. thanks.
andy:  very impressive. he put a lot of work into that.
dwight:  mm-hm. powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world. all show, no meat.
kevin:  because i feel like that im in a place with my gambling rehab that i can finally start going to dog racing again. you know, just sitting, watching, enjoying the sport? maybe putting down a few dollars if theres like a crazy mismatch or something…
dwight:  ok. thank you kevin, well let you know.
andy:  thank you.
kevin:  when do we leave?
andy:  thank you.
toby:  it has been a long, lonely winter.
dwight:  wow. seasonal effective disorder, aka: sad. that sounds like a very real thing, toby.
toby:  it is real, thank you for saying that.
andy:  yeah, wow. its almost like were not all experiencing the same winter?
stanley:  florida stanley smiles. florida stanley is happy to go to work. florida stanley is who you want on your florida team.
dwight:  maybe its what she does here…
andy:  well…
erin:  hey guys, any spots left?
andy:  erin, you wanna go to tallahassee?
erin:  i do. i really do. i think it would be a nice way to clear my head.
dwight:  you know i dont think its a good idea for you to clear your head any more than it has been already. i think you need a workplace where the burdens of everyday life keep you tethered to reality.
erin:  either or. but if you can find someone to fill in, i would love to go.
andy:  well it wouldnt be hard to find someone to fill in..
erin:  really? oh, great. good, ahem, good.
jim:  now, is it too dark to say that cicis having an operation?
pam:  i think you need to go to florida.
jim:  i think youre right.
pam:  its only for three weeks, you know with my mom and sister at the house itll be..
jim:  total nightmare.
pam:  i was going to say good because ill have all the help i need?
jim:  yeah, thats what im saying. theyre incredibly helpful, youre lucky to have them. i mean with them there, you probably wont even know im gone.
pam:  exactly.
dwight:  well,  no! no! absolutely not! you are not going. over my dead body, no. andy?
andy:  tuns, im really sorry. youre too essential to the operation here, i cant let you go.
dwight:  i wouldnt say that…its a bit much.
jim:  you know dwight, if you didnt want me to go the smart move would be to tell andy that i actually am essential to the operation. that way i couldnt go.
dwight:  jim is essential to th-
jim:  hold on, just wanna get it on camera. 
dwight:  andy, jim is just too…essen-…
jim:  essential.
dwight:  this is stupid! cut.
jim:  alright, im gonna pack my trunks.
dwight:  he doesnt even want to go.
jim:  well, i got a text from rc inviting me to come down so i think thats gonna make us roomates.
dwight:  oh my god.
jim:  hey, quick question: do you shower at night or in the morning? cause i wanna shower when youre showering. save some water.
andy:  ok, listen up everyone, heres whos going to florida: kathy..
dwight:  what?
andy:  ….stanley..
dwight:  no.
andy:  …ryan…
dwight:  no!
andy:  …erin…
dwight:  (bleep)
andy:  …and, jim.
dwight:  youve gotta be (bleep)-ing kidding me. ok. ok, florida group, welcome to the team.  ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
dwight:  lets go, step it up you runts. you infants, lets move.
stanley:  why is it so hot in here?
dwight:  hot? what are you talking about? this is a nice temperate florida morning. eighty-five degrees, seventy-five percent humidity. this is the exact environment you will be facing for the next three weeks of your life. welcome to special projects orientation. the next three weeks of your life are gonna be the most miserable youve ever faced. theyre gonna be hard, theyre gonna be dirty. youre gonna wish you were dead.
ryan:  but…
dwight:  but? theres not buts. thats it. youll wish you were dead. you seem a little disturbed, you wanna stay here?
ryan:  no no, i want to go.
dwight:  cause if any of you would prefer to stay here, all you need to do is ring this bell. 
jim:  is that the buzzer from taboo?
dwight:  shut up maggot! you dont want to go, ring the bell! ring it! ring it.
dwight:  how many of you have seen the documentary deliverance?
stanley:  how did a mosquito get in here?
dwight:  i released three hundred mosquitoes in the conference room, just temporarily. when im done, the frogs will take care of the mosquitoes. 
dwight:  yes, when he brushes your soft supple cheeks with his worn leathery hands and says “im gonna make you the seventh mrs. rosenblatt” unless you ring this bell. ring it! ring the bell. you wanna spend the rest of your life changing your husbands colostomy bags? huh? do you? ring it! wha-,  oh. what was that?
jim:  mosquito.
dwight:   orientation is over.
nate:  oh darryl, hey.
darryl:  hey whats up? you called?
nate:  yeah, you know i, i felt really terrible that you got me these lovely gloves and i didnt get you anything…
darryl:  its cool really.
nate:  no, its anything but cool. now i havent really had time to go out and buy you anything, but uh, here goes. 
darryl:  “this coupon entitles you to one free tickle monster attack”
nate:  yeah, theyre nate coupons. or nate-pons. and theyre all different. cash that one in and i will bring you a stick of gum, anytime, any place. ill find you.
darryl:  thanks.  nice flowers.
val:  thanks, theyre from my mom.
darryl:  your mom?
val:  yeah.
darryl:  uh. so i guess that was your mom who called me earlier looking for the address? real deep voiced woman?
val:  yeah, thats her.
darryl:  she said her name was brandon, i think. your moms name is brandon?
val:   yeah darryl, my moms name is brandon.
darryl:  then i guess i figured out where i stand. this is a love beanie.
dwight:  ok, florida team, lets reconvene.
erin:  im going to florida…..and im not coming back.
dwight:  so sabre has set up a conference room for our use while were at corporate.
jim:  so, what is this special project?
dwight:  basically sabre has tasked us with helping them branch into the retail marketplace. they want to set up their own version of an apple store.
jim:  that sounds awesome.
dwight:  it did, it did.
ryan:  you know what might be great? is if instead of a genius bar we have a lounge area where people can ask questions about the product with other customers who liked it.
erin:  yeah. and they should have a place where people can check their computers or printers before they see you so you dont have to carry it around like a dope. like a coat check.  oh, dont write it down unless you like it.
dwight:  oh, i like it.
ryan:  it seems to me that the apple store is kind of like a party. so i think our question is: how do we make this a better party?
dwight:  no. we sell business tools and the stores need to reflect that. they need to be all business. let all the other stores look like a toy store.
ryan:  right. think different, from apple.
jim:  dwight, is now a good time to go over what you expect of us?
dwight:   yes. what are my expectations for the group?
dwight:  i have been given the responsibility to manage stanley, a solid player, ryan, who is capable of surprises, erin, an excellent follower and kathy, a probably not totally useless enigma. and, well, jim. under the right manager, thats not a bad team. perfectinschlag.
kelly:  i dont know how im going to live here without you.
ryan:  me neither. hey, will you put this coat on my chair? i just realized im not going to need it down there.
kelly:  yes, i will take your coat. and i will keep it with me, and i will sleep with it because it smells like you.
ryan:  no, no, no, no. just put it on my chair.
pam:  alright 
jim:  bye.
pam:  bye. call me when you land.
jim:  i will.
andy:  safe travels.
erin:  goodbye for a very very long time.
andy:  oh, k. its only three weeks.
kathy:   all expenses paid. yeah, jims gonna be there. their marriage is not good. nobody knows better than me. definitely we will. its three weeks in tallahassee, what else is there to do?
