oscar:   hello. my names oscar. im an accountant in scranton, pennsylvania and im gay. and im here to tell you that yes- it does get better. when i was younger, um-
phyllis:  whats he doing?
dwight:  hes searching out younger gays.
phyllis:  oh.
oscar:  no, its just a way to tell young people, no matter how hard it gets for them, theres a brighter future ahead.
dwight:  …with you. 
oscar:  no matter how hard it gets for you, eh- kelly, seriously, i-
kelly:  just keep chatting. im just checking my makeup in your webcam.
oscar:  do you not own a mirror?
kelly:  webcams make me look the way i do in my fantasies.
pam:  i know, right? what is it? you always look so good in those things.
kelly:  im throwing out all my mirrors.
oscar:  okay, as you can see, i now have a cool job at a dynamic workplace. being gay is a celebration of life, its a simple-
robert:  no, im sorry, i just cant sit idly by and have the gay youth of america misled by some reductionist-
oscar:  its not misleading.
robert:  -pep talk. sexuality is a spectrum. its a paradox to think of any sexual activity as “normal.” it gets better but it also gets vastly more complicated.
kevin:  hey, robert, that guy, he looks just like you.  ooh! 
robert:  ow! damn it, kevin! god!
dwight:  you okay, robert?
robert:  fine.
dwight:  put some ice on it.
oscar:  in any case, it gets better.  maybe- maybe not much better… but better.
sasha:  one, two, three!
dwight:  i wanted to give a nice gift to the tenants in the building. at first i thought, “muffin basket.” then i thought, “whats even more precious to people than muffins?”
jake:  can you just smile, please?
meredith:  i dont want to!
dwight:  …their own children.
dwight:  hey everybody, just a few hours left for the free family portrait studio. darryl. wed love to see little jada come by. angela? why dont you bring by your little angel?
angela:  no thank you.
dwight:  jim, youve got those two cute kids. we sure would love to see them.
jim:  i know why youre doing this, dwight.
jim:  last week, i may have gone too far. ill explain it quickly. basically, i found out where he gets his clothes dry-cleaned. custom ordered the same suit, made with tear-away velcro. and… you can fill in the rest.
dwight:   wha-?  damn it, jim!
jim:  now hes trying to get me to bring my children in to work. i think its fair to be cautious.
darryl:  let me get this straight. you lost all of it. all your winnings. a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
hide:  bad economy. bad investment.
darryl:  you mean to tell me no one wanted an energy drink for asian homosexuals?
calvin:  they did not.
darryl:  and you got half a million of these? well i gotta try it.
calvin:  i wouldnt.
darryl:  aw, come on. whats the harm?  mmm. what flavor was that?
hide:  coconut penis.
darryl:  the coconuts pretty subtle.
calvin:  come on, man. cant you just give us a yes or a no?
darryl:  i dont know, man. yall quit with a lot of confidence. i mean, it was like, yall came up in here dancing and everybody was-  ooh, hold on a second.  oh.
darryl:  if i were val, i would break up with brandon. then i would date the hell out of me. i wouldnt give in to me too fast, let me buy myself some nice dinners and such. but when i finally did give in, i would go crazy on myself.
andy:   hi guys.
jim:  hows it going, man?
andy:   im- im good, thank you. and how are you?
jim:  great, yeah, good.
gabe:  oh, how the mediocre have fallen.
nellie:  oh god.
andy:  look, im not here to get my old job back. i had my opportunity, i blew it, im moving on. i just wanted to come in here and literally beg you for something, anything. i will sweep the floors, water the plants…
nellie:  no, you dont understand-
andy:  clean the toilets.
nellie:  i dont need anyone to-
andy:  pull the poop out of the toilets.
nellie:  thats not even a thing.
andy:  just, please…
nellie:  andy.
andy:  please!
nellie:  andy.
andy:  give me something!
nellie:  why dont you clean the carpets for today?
andy:  thank you.
nellie:  youre welcome. up you get then. pick yourself up. there it is.
andy:  thank you.
nellie:  you dont need to-
andy:  i have a delicious secret.
creed:  good, good. this carpets overdue for a good mopping.
jim:  is a mop the most efficient tool to use on a carpet?
andy:  yeah, it is actually.
andy:  mmm, i cant hold it in any longer. um, i am faking this, okay? because i convinced david wallace to buy dunder mifflin back from sabre. and at three oclock today hes gonna walk in here and reinstate me as manager.
pam:   family picture!
jim:  pam? no!
pam:  what? honey, we talked about this.
jim:  no, we talked about not bringing them in to dwights photo studio slash trap.
pam:  yes, and then we decided that was crazy.
jim:  no, we decided it was crazy not to worry about it.
pam:  no, we settled in a much more rational place, remember?
jim:  nope.
pam:  we decided that theres no way dwight would harm a child.
jim:  but are you a hundred percent sure? i dont think any of us are.
pam:  no, no.
jim:  nope.
pam:  but its free. and well keep our eye on them.
jim:  thats-
pam:  yes!
jim:  thats-
pam:  and well make sure dwight doesnt do anything c-r-a-z-y.
jim:  okay.
kevin:  wait, c-r-a-z…
dwight:  great, right up there.
pam:  yeah?
jim:  yeah. you just sit right here. here we go.
pam:  okay.
jim:  alright. why dont you just-
pam:  oh, great. thank you.
jim:  -give him to me and… perfect.
pam:  okay.
jim:  this is great.
pam:  you ready?
jim:  excuse me.
pam:  there we go.
jim:  just do it.
pam:  ill just stand here?
jim:  yeah, just keep your eye on dwight, great.
photographer:  sir, could you look into the camera?
jim:  lets do it, shoot it.
photographer:  sir.
jim:  great.
dwight:  up here. 
jim:  yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah.
dwight:  jim, right here, right here.  okay, good.
jim:  oh, so thats it?
dwight:  thats it.
pam:  see? that wasnt so hard.
dwight:  cute kids, thanks for coming.
senator lipton:  hello, erin. hello, everybody.
angela:  uh, what? why? uh, hi honey. what- how are you doing? 
senator lipton:  hi, you know, my office got a call that they were shooting family portraits right here. and if theres one thing that every politician instinctively understands, its a good photo op.
phyllis:   yeah.
angela:  heh.
erin:  okay, youre going to go through the hallway. heres a map. and if you get lost, just follow the blue line. 
senator lipton:  thanks.
dwight:  well, well, well. senator lipton, welcome. angela.
angela:  dwight.
dwight:  nice to see you. may i hold him?
senator lipton:  sure.
angela:  no. i am going to hold him because i havent seen him all day.
angela:  i think that dwight is doing this whole thing to, um, get a sample of my babys dna to prove hes the father. which… is impossible… because the senator is the only man ive ever been with.
angela:   see the duckie!
dwight:  okay, hold on for a second, folks. a few of the babys hairs are out of place.
senator lipton:  oh, thank you.
angela:   no. no. i like the babys hair the way it is.
dwight:  really?
andy:  this is getting more and more delicious by the minute.  its go time.
andy:  hey nellie, i made soup – i made you some soup.
nellie:  well, i dont want any soup.
andy:  but its really good-  oh!
nellie:  oh come on, andy!
erin:  i know this is going to be a great payoff.
andy:  a delicious moment.
erin:  but after youre manager, some of these images are going to be hard to shake.
andy:  well, but it-
erin:  just calibrate. okay? calibrate.
dwight:  okay, here we go. oh, you know what? i dont want to throw a wrench in the works, but i want everything to be perfect and the babys fingernails are just bothering me-
angela:  uh-uh, leave us alone.
senator lipton:  i guess were okay with the fingernails.
dwight:  okay, great. suit yourself. although, are those excess skin cells on the babys cheek distracting to you as well?
angela:  dwight, were fine!
senator lipton:  oopsie, did somebody make a boopsie?
angela:  oh no. 
senator lipton:  im just gonna take him out and change him just for a second.
dwight:  he defecated, aw.
senator lipton:  youre stinky.
darryl:  a lot has changed since yall left, okay? youre gonna have to jump through some hoops. and the new foreman is here. now shes one of the best weve ever known, okay? so i need you to show her your upmost respect. make sure she feels welcome and at home, okay? can you do that?
brandon:  thats some pretty blatant complementing youre doing there, man. i dont even talk to her like that.
val:  uh, brandon?
darryl:  i would.
brandon:  you would?
darryl:  yeah.
brandon:  sounds like youre trying to hit on my girlfriend.
val:  calm down, hes not.
darryl:  yes, i am. just so everyones on the same page.
brandon:   so you really think shes gonna leave a guy who owns his own restaurant for a dude who ate his own restaurant?
val:  brandon!
darryl:  good slam.
brandon:  thank you, biggie.
darryl:  good luck to you.
brandon:  oh, and have a burger for me.
senator lipton:  okay, shall we take a few more?
angela:  i think we have all the shots we need. thank you, dwight.
senator lipton:  okay. there we go.
angela:  no! dwight! give me the diaper! dwight!
dwight:  is this what you were looking for? huh? huh?
toby:  andy, we wanted to talk to you. a lot of us are very concerned about you.
nellie:  youre dirty, you stink of booze, youre limping inexplicably.
andy:  i just want you guys not to worry. ‘cause old andys gonna be just fine.
jim:  no, no, see? this is what were talking about. i mean, what was that accent? and last time i checked, you were drunk and now youre not drunk…
erin:  no, unfortunately its true. hes been a nightmare. and the worst part is, hes been taking it out on me.
nellie:  what?
pam:  you hit her?
andy:  no. that is not the deal. calibrate.
erin:  hes not hitting me. but, hes been verbally abusing me-
andy:  thats not true either! thats also total- everyone, please relax. i think youre gonna like this surprise guest.
gabe:   happy birthday to gabe!
nellie:  oh, get out, skeleton man!
toby:  i can refer you to someone to talk to.
andy:   huh? hold on.
toby:  give you a name or-
andy:  i just gonna- quick-  hello? hey, whats the scoop? are you close? what? no. no, no, no, no, no. you have to come now. traffic clears? no, next friday… thats not gonna work. okay. yeah. okay.  damn it! well, this is not going to be quite as delicious as i wanted, but i do have a very tasty announcement for you guys. not only am i not a lowly janitor, i am the regional manager once again! guys, i got my old job back!
jim:  oh boy.
pam:  oh, andy.
oscar:  what?
andy:  im not crazy. i convinced david wallace to give me my job back.
oscar:  david wallace hasnt worked here in years.
andy:  okay, yes, i see the confusion. i saw david at the fundraiser. he is now a multi-millionaire because he sold his toy vacuum “suck it” to the u.s. military.
jim:  andy, come on.
kevin:  even i know thats weird.
andy:  i- i- okay, i get how that sounds crazy.
toby:  hey, andy, nobodys calling you crazy, andy. were your friends, andy.
andy:  stop saying my name.
erin:  no, hes not making this up.
andy:  thank you, erin.
erin:  andy tells me about seeing david wallace all the time.
pam:  but have you ever actually seen him yourself?
erin:  oh my god.
andy:  erin, come- come on. you know ive been talking to david wallace.
toby:  do you see david wallace in the room right now?
dwight:   operation phoenix is a go. just get the car ready.
kelly:  now you look at me like youre adoring me, im gonna look at the camera like i dont even know youre there.
ravi:  i do adore you.
robert:  andrew, its time for you to go home. youre better than this.
andy:  yeah, i know.
robert:  everyones better than this, because this is the worst thing i have ever seen.  whyd they add coconut? i miss original.
jim:  hey.
others:  hey!
david:  hey guys, long time.
pam:  david, what are you doing here?
phyllis:  is it true youre buying the company?
david:  okay, i guess the word is out. uh, please keep this a secret, but yes, ive been talking with andy-
andy:  what? thought i heard my name. what? im the new manager?
david:  ill get to that in a second, andy.
andy:  but its- it is- it is me? right?
david:  yes, as weve discussed-
andy:  what?
david:  but its very possible-
andy:  oh my god!
david:  probable.
andy:  wow. from janitor to manager?
david:  yep.
andy:  thats quite a cinderella story. from m-o-p to m-v-p.
david:  theres an official announcement, a few details to be-
andy:  from total loss to total boss, i mean-
stanley:  can we expect any payroll interruptions?
david:  now that is a great question, stanley. right now i think all your operations or most of your operations are pretty much down in florida, so to shift back up-
andy:  i was so looking forward to that and it did not… go as i thought it would.
phyllis:  so were not gonna be a part of sabre anymore?
david:  actually, nothing is gonna be a part of sabre anymore. jo bennetts planning on liquidating the rest of the company.
robert:  oof.  wouldnt wanna be a sabre employee right about now.  im actually the ceo.
david:  ah, i didnt realize you were standing there.
robert:  hey, my friend, trust me. this is for the best. i never understood that corporate mess.
david:  well, okay. great to meet you.
robert:  likewise, im bob. bob kazamakis.
david:  pleasure.
robert:  id love to give you a little rundown on what ive learned about this place.
david:  thats very gracious of you, bob. i would love that.
robert:  please. 
andy:  guess id better take off these dirty rags. figure out how to be a manager of this place.
jim:  perhaps your year of experience managing this branch will come in handy.
andy:  gosh, i hope so.
angela:  no! god, mose! god!
mose:  hi, angela.
angela:  get out of the car! get out! where is he?
mose:  im not supposed to say.
angela:  yes!  tell me! tell me where he is! mose, damn it! where did he go? mose! get back here!
darryl:   lets see that smile. go on. 
val:   right here?
darryl:  cool.
andy:  looks like i might get my delicious moment after all.
nellie:  may i say one thing?
andy:  it would be rude of me not to let you say whatevers on your mind.
nellie:  the quality of mercy is not strained.
andy:  no.
nellie:  it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath.
andy:  do not bring shakespeare into this. how dare you play the bard card?
nellie:  it blesseth he who gives and he who takes. ‘tis mightiest in the mightiest.
andy:  i just want one mother delicious moment. is that too much to ask?
andy:  if i were to hire you back. if. what do you think you would do well?
nellie:  special projects manager, thats my background. i just go around doing whatever i want.
andy:  all right, you sly bastard. when can you start?
david:  okay everyone. i had a conversation with bob, and since i am going to be ceo now therell be no need for him.
meredith:  ouch. thats gotta hurt!
david:  but, he is going to be making so much money from the liquidation, hes gonna be freed up to do something much more important.
robert:  david has generously offered to donate one million dollars in matching funds to a cause thats very dear to me. so, for the next three years, ill be travelling overseas, concentrating all of my efforts on educating- mentoring, some african, some asian, but mainly eastern european women.
david:  i had no idea how pervasive this problem was until bob explained it to me.
robert:  oprah winfreys leadership academy and other schools like it, while wonderful, end with high school. i want to see these girls right through college, especially the gymnasts. theyve lost so many years of crucial education to perfecting their bodies. muscle groups the rest of us cant even fathom.
andy:  gymnasts? youre going to seek out uneducated gymnasts?
robert:  yeah, so im hoping to identify some truly exceptional women who show great promise. well, andy, its been fun.
andy:  mm. mm-hmm. 
robert:  its been a great year.
dwight:  hello.
angela:  where is it?
dwight:  theyre testing it now.
angela:  how long does it take to get the results?
dwight:  seventy-two hours.
angela:  youre gonna wait here?
dwight:  yes. 
angela:   dwight, i cant do this. dwight!
senator lipton:  hey.
oscar:  senator lipton. hey, how are you?
senator lipton:  you didnt call.
oscar:  um, well, uh, the issue that i- that concerned me…
senator lipton:  you know what this is about.  call.
