phyllis:  whoo! wow, it is raining cats and dogs out there. holy moley.
jim:  phyllis says the same twelve clichés every time it rains. so, i promised everyone that if she says them all by noon today, i will send out for hot chocolates.
darryl:  so how was the drive in?
phyllis:  oh, nobody knows how to drive in the rain.
darryl:  you dont say?
phyllis:  yeah. you know the roads are actually the slickest in the first half hour?
phyllis:  oh, the plants are gonna love this.
oscar:  yeah.
phyllis:  i actually sleep better when its raining.
meredith:  tell me about it.
oscar:  times almost up. how many are left?
pam:  just one. “this weather makes me want to stay at home, curled up with a good book.”
darryl:  phyllis. this rain… does it make you wanna be doing something?
phyllis:  what do you mean?
pam:  you know, like arent some things just so nice and cozy in the rain?
jim: hey, come on.
phyllis:  lots of things are cozy in the rain.
jim:  and thats noon. exactly. 
phyllis:  i mean, normally the rain would make me want to stay home, curled up with a good book. but everybodys being so nice to me today.im really happy being here.
andy:   my girlfriends back and theres gonna be trouble-
andy &amp; erin:  hey la, hey la…
andy:  …my girlfriends back!
erin:   …his girlfriends back! 
andy:  anyway, i know its the end of the day. we just wanted to stop by and say hi.
kevin:  welcome home.
erin:  thank you.
andy:  hey, kev.
kevin:  yeah.
andy:  nice sweater.
kevin:   thank you. nellie was nice enough to give it to me. shes sweet. i just wish there was pockets.
andy:  what happened to old salty?
dwight:  nellie let me bobble-ize him. his name is now captain mutato.
dwight:  ive written quite a bit of x-men fan fiction. captain mutato is half man, half mermaid. so he can fight crime as a man and make love as a mermaid. most of my writing involves the latter.
andy:  okey dokey. 
nellie:  yes?
andy:  whoa. well, you must be the famous nellie bertram ive been hearing all about. i am the famous andy bernard youve been hearing all about.
nellie:  oh yes.
andy:  i just want to thank you for jumping in and minding the store during my temporary absence.
nellie:  you are most welcome.
andy:  anyway, now that im back, i would love to have my office back, whenever you get a chance.
nellie:  no.
andy:  obviously, well figure out the, uh, logistics of moving all this stuff out of here. but, you know, the sooner the better.
nellie:  mm-hmm.
andy:  get back to normalcy.
nellie:  hmm, no.
ravi:  …and then just lay him in his crib, and then bicycle his legs. and then after jim quiets down, you do the same thing with your baby.  but if he keeps having problems, just give me a call.
pam:  oh my gosh, thank you so much. but seriously, we dont want to bother you any more than we already have.
jim:  thats it.
kelly:  its no bother, you guys are our friends.
pam:  ravi, our amazing pediatrician, was asking us if we knew any girls and i said i know the perfect girl.
jim:  yep. because kelly is indian and… oh, thats it.
pam:  race had nothing to do with it. i just knew theyd be good together.
pam:   kelly has been a handful in the past.
kelly:   why?
pam:   but shes had a bad influence. shes like an addict.  and i just had to get her clean.
kevin:   get lower.
ryan:  um, also, little tip, never shake the baby.
jim:  sorry, just to be clear, youre saying do not shake the baby.
ryan:  dont shake the baby. um, a lot of times, parents get frustrated cause the babys crying and they shake the baby. and you got to, um, you cant do that.
pam:  dont shake our baby?
ryan:  yeah.
pam:  okay. id never heard that before. so, thank you.
ryan:  oh, my god.
pam:  yeah, im glad you said something.
ryan:  me too.
ryan:  kelly and i broke up and she can do whatever she wants. and her new boyfriend seems awesome, if youre into indian people. im not.
ryan:  hey, um, whats the deal with this guy? hes really into kelly, huh?
pam:  yeah, theyre really great together.
ryan:  maybe we werent right together, but… its weird. id rather she be alone than with somebody. is that love?
jim:  thats about it, yeah.
robert:  nellie! youve been terrific in your interim capacity. but, andrew is the rightful manager so if you would just give him his office-
nellie:  no.
robert:  im sorry?
andy:  this is what i was trying to tell you.
robert:  im not accustomed to people saying no to me. 
nellie:  well, bobby, get accustomed to it because then it feels so good when they finally say yes.
robert:  youre both adults. im sure you can figure this out between yourselves.
robert:  i never allow sexual desire to influence a business decision. so i find it best to excuse myself temporarily until ive had a chance to make love and then go back and analyze the situation rationally. buffett operates the same way.
nellie:  im gonna count down from five and if you are not out of my office, im going to dock your pay one hundred dollars.
andy:   okay.
nellie:  five… four…
andy:  you cant dock my pay-
nellie:  angela! dock andys pay one hundred dollars.
angela:  on it!
andy:  great. five, four, three, two, one. angela, please dock nellies pay a hundred dollars. angela?
nellie:  do you want to go again?
andy:  angela?
nellie:  lets go again. five… four…
andy:  ooh, shes counting again.
nellie:  three… two… one…
andy:  oh, oh!
nellie:  angela, two hundred dollars!
angela:  you got it.
andy:  seriously, angela?
andy:  i got a little bit of an anger problem. got me in some trouble a couple years ago.
erin:  when i see him start to get mad, i just put my hand on his arm like this.
nellie:  i know what, lets go… ten thousand dollars!  five… four…
andy:  youre just saying numbers. its meaningless.
nellie:  three…
andy:  its literally like-
nellie:  two…  one.
erin:  there you go.  hey. were gonna have a nice, hot date.
erin:  hey. so last night was so not a big deal.
andy:  oh, yeah, i was just tired.
erin:  we both were. plus, i was definitely not my normal sexy self.
andy:  whoa. no. are you kidding? you were so sexy. just the thought of you last night, like, crazy turns me on. it just didnt last night.
erin:  really. its not a big deal.
andy:  yeah. i know its not… a big deal.
ryan:  i found this the other day while i was journaling and they reminded me of you.
kelly:  oh, those are from our weekend at the time share.
ryan:  yeah, the fractional ownership property.  oh, we took this one right before we got in that huge fight.
kelly:  god i dont even remember what that fight was about.
ryan:  you were being really bratty about where we would go out to dinner. but all i remember is how pretty you looked, taking those pictures of me. anyway, if you want to order prints of your own, i can send you the link.
ryan:  im in love with kelly kapoor. and i dont know how im gonna feel tomorrow or the next day or the day after that, but i do know that right here, right now, all i can think about is spending the rest of my life with her. again, that could change.
erin:  when you lost the manager job-
dwight:  yes?
erin:  did it affect you outside of the office?
dwight:  how?
erin:  i dont know what the technical term is… penial softiosis?
dwight:  erin, i am so glad that you trusted me. you came to the exact right person for this. no, i have never once experienced anything remotely like that. never.
erin:  oh, okay.
dwight:  okay?
erin:  okay.
dwight:  washington monument.
erin:  oh.
dwight:  eiffel tower.
erin:  okay, okay.
pam:  i saw you were getting along with ryan again.
kelly:  hes so sweet. he pointed to my latte and he said, “kelly, that will be the color of our children.”
pam:  yeah, hes so great. remember how it felt when he cheated on you though?
kelly:  which time?
pam:  i am not going to let kelly throw her life away on ryan. and it has nothing to do with access to my pediatrician. why you would even ask or were going to ask, because i- i felt like that question was coming.
dwight:  one of tobys eyes is getting smaller. so theres that. gabe bragged about having an extra ticket to the air show this weekend and meredith said she was interested and then gabe said immediately that his friend might be taking the ticket. so ill keep you posted on that.
dwight:  every day i brief nellie on whats going on in the office. most of its irrelevant. but a good informer doesnt judge whats worth passing on.
dwight:  oh, and andy lost his masculinity, so congratulations on that.
nellie:  what do you mean?
dwight:  erin made it clear to me that he was unable to perform sexually last night. by contrast, i went to sleep with an erection so large it was like i was wearing no blanket at all. wow, i knew youd win, but you just demolished him! im a little bit jealous, actually. reduced him to a mere ant.
nellie:  i just wanted to take the mans job, not his manhood.
nellie:  okay, i would like to invite everyone into the conference room.
andy:  you cant call a meeting.  but i would like to have a meeting in the conference room right now! so lets get in the conference room. thank you. good. thank you for coming to my meeting.
nellie:  okay, if you would like to take a seat we can get started.
andy:  oh! cant do it cause i gotta run a meeting. so.
nellie:  no.
andy:  wanted to talk to all of you guys about  importance… and know that each and every one of you is vitally important.
robert:  andrew, not everyone here is important. and the word is “impotence.”
nellie:  which is important in its own way. so if youd just like to take a seat, andy.
nellie:  “take a mans job, but leave him his balls.” margaret thatcher said that… probably. dont know. dont read. didnt see the movie.
nellie:  this meeting is not about any one person in particular. it is a human problem.
dwight:  its not just a human problem. flounders frequently experience impotence, especially when converting from male to female and then back again to male.
oscar:  nellie, does the person affected by this want us to help her in any way in particular?
nellie:  oh, oh, its not me. no, no. ive never had any problem in that arena. and i have been with several older men.
creed:  jinx. buy me some coke.
nellie:  dwight told me about it earlier.
erin:  dwight!
all:  what?
erin:  you promised!
kevin:  dwight couldnt get it up for nellie?
dwight:  no, no, no, no, no, its not me. im gonna prove it right here and now. 
angela:  what are you doing?
oscar:  what is this?
angela:  stop that! dwight! stop that, stop it.
andy:  fine, it was me. i couldnt- i had a problem with erin last night. happy?
andy:  i had a lot on my mind last night. and i didnt perform. okay? it happens to plenty of guys. its usually not followed by a giant workplace discussion and an interview.
andy:  every guy in this room has been touched by this affliction. tuna? t-dog?
jim:  um…
darryl:  uh… i have other issues. im terrible at math. overweight. you- youre in great shape. a lot better shape than i am, tell you what.
robert:  it seems andy is the only one with this problem. fascinating.
andy:  fascinating.
gabe:  i dont really see what the problem is. erin doesnt even like sex, remember? you said it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton.
nellie:  chumbo, come on, help me out. any problems with little chumbo?
kevin:  tip-top shape.
nellie:  oh… stanley?
stanley:  no. um-um.
nellie:  creed, you are a thousand years old.
creed:  havent heard any complaints. wouldnt care if i did.
andy:  okay, so i-
pam:  actually andy, i think maybe we experienced it.
jim:  what happened?
pam:  that a couple of times-
jim:  couple of times.
robert:  jim, maybe you could tell us about one of those times.
dwight:  yeah jim.
andy:  yeah jim, get it out there.
jim:  um… i dont… uh, yes, that time that it was very late. uh, wed had sex so many times already, i was exhausted…
pam:  okay, stop.
jim:  i was very drunk.
phyllis:  if it makes you feel any better, i never had an orgasm until i was forty-two. and then when i did, it lasted til i was forty-four.
phyllis:  forty-three was ju- i got nothing done. 
gabe:  ive read- and i dont know anything about this personally- but they say prostate stimulation can help.
angela:  ugh.
gabe:  this is just, uh- this american life, i think i heard it on.
robert:  no, thats absolutely the case.
gabe:  i know, right?
dwight:  you know, my rectal electro-ejaculator is rated for bovine use only but i could let you rent it.
robert:  andy, why dont you tell us about the best erection of your life? or does anyone else have any remarkable erections theyd like to share? 
kevin:  ooh, ooh!
jim:  wow, what are we talking about?
erin:  toby, doesnt hr have some rules against talking about this kind of stuff?
toby:  erin, hr is a joke. i cant do anything about anything.
nellie:  the most important thing to remember is not to stress about this. stress just makes it worse, and then you stress more. and thats a vicious spiral.
robert:  i almost didnt come in today. 
andy:   dad, dont think of it as a demotion. just think of it as a promotion to a lower level. i dont think you have to tell your friends anything. it hasnt been decided yet.
nellie:  erin, on phone memos youre writing the date american style. month, day, year. i prefer it day, month, year. small, bigger, biggest. oh, sexual innuendo. not intentional.
erin:  shut up. shut up! i am sick of your dumb opinions. and if you dont like the way that i take phone messages, here!  take em yourself!
andy:  oh, and another thing! our sex life is none of your businesses!
erin:  and andy is the manager, not nellie!
andy:  stop protecting me! im a man- i can protect myself! this is misdirected anger and im sorry! i dont mean to lash out at you! theres a lot coming up right now, all at once!  dad go to hell, im taller than you!
nellie:  okay, just calm down.
andy:  you are not the manager. i earned that job. i was personally chosen after robert was chosen and quit.
robert:  andy, why dont you just take a seat?
andy:  why dont you take a seat, you idiot? 
erin:  and why dont you take all your stupid memos and your stupid pens and your dumb caramels?
andy:  and your stupid face!  and your stupid office!  ah!
darryl:  he does not like that wall.
erin:  maybe well get sent to anger management together.
andy:  that would actually be cool. id love for you to meet some of the guys.
robert:  andy, erin, you can join us now.
ryan:  hey, i hear you been bad-mouthing me to kelly.
pam:  all i did was remind her that you used to treat her badly.
ryan:  well thats your opinion and its her opinion, but its not my opinion. if you have something bad to say to me, pam, say it to my face.
pam:  fair enough. um… i dont think youre a very good person. and forgive me, but i feel like ive said this to you before: i dont like you very much.
ryan:  well a lot of people would say that im a better match for kelly than ravi is.
oscar:  oh come on, ryan. really? ravis way better.
ryan:  for kelly?
kevin:  yeah. man, youre insane right now. ravis the whole package.
nate:  ive never met ravi personally, but im gonna go ahead and say, just having knowing you a short while, brian, that i prefer ravi. and again, ive never even met the guy.
ryan:  kelly, i wrote you the most amazing love poem. but i cant even read it. my heart couldnt handle it.
pam:  oh, no, no, no.
oscar:  oh, come on.
pam:  read it, please. i love amazing poetry.
ryan:  no. it would cause me too much pain.
pam:  read through the pain. be strong.
ryan:  this poem would crush you!
oscar:  ryan, go away! she found herself a beautiful boyfriend!
kevin:  yeah, man, hes absolutely gorgeous! please leave her alone.
ryan:  you see, kelly? our love scares them. it screws up their cookie-cutter world.
kelly:  ravi makes me incredibly happy. and ryan puts me through so much drama. so i guess i just have to decide which of those is more important to me.
robert:  andy, were going to go with nellie as manager and put you back on the sales team. i promise you, in time, well all laugh about this incident. i already think its kind of funny. 
andy:  no.
robert:  excuse me?
andy:  im saying no.
robert:  well you cant say no.
andy:  no.
pam:   oh, boo! boo! boo to you! boo!
ryan:  you are toxic! you are toxic!
pam:  boo!
jim:  hey, hey. okay.
ryan:  kelly, i have a few things to say to you, so please dont interrupt.
kelly:  i wasnt going to interrupt.
ryan:  well you do a lot, so just dont. thank you. i know that i havent always treated you the way that you, for whatever reason, feel you deserve to be treated. but i want to marry you, kelly kapoor. maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but someday, and probably.
pam:  barf! ugh, you suck!
ryan:  what is your problem?  hey, hey, hey, can we turn this back around quickly, please? this is very important to me.
wrangler:  turn around. turn around. turn around!
ryan:  can we turn this -ing thing around? thank you.
wrangler:  she dont wanna turn around.
ryan:  thank you. kelly, i cant promise you that well always stay together. i cant promise you that ill never cheat on you. nor should i. modern marriages arent built that way. men arent built that way. theres a very interesting article i can email to you. but i can tell you this. even if the odds are fifty-fifty that well break up within the week, i wanna roll those dice. i love you, kelly.
kelly:  ryan.
ryan:  will you roll those dice with me?
kelly:  you mean so much to me. but, i love ravi and i choose him.
ryan:  no you dont.
kelly:  i do.
ryan:  no you dont.
kelly:  i hope we can still be friends. can i have a hug?
ryan:  what? 
kelly:  that was really cool. 
angela:  ugh. eww!
jim:  well, its good to see kellys maturing.
angela:  oh god!
robert:  look, andrew, we can discuss the specifics of the job.
andy:  no.
nellie:  its the apology. i really have to insist.
andy:   no.
nellie:  stop saying no.
andy:  no.
robert:  andrew, if you say no one more time, youre fired. so… is there anything else you wanna say?
andy:  no.
andy:  i cant describe it. i just, for the first time in a long time, i actually feel in control. i feel… alive.
erin:  here- 
andy:  ah- da, da, da, da. i got it.
erin:  but you hurt your hand.
andy:  i… got… it.
erin:  right now?
andy:  yes.
pam:  youre not the least bit curious to hear a poem straight from ryans soul?
jim:  not at all, can we go?
pam:  “kapoor and ka-desperate, he watches.”
jim:  second line.
pam:  “he is a drifter out to sea.”
jim:  “and when the indian ocean calms, one speck of white remains in waters cold and kelly green.”
pam:  its just so dumb.  but when he describes himself as a child, lost on the life raft…
jim:  uh, ryan can never know.
