ryan:   no, no, no, no, no, no, no! no, no, no, no, no, no.
pam:  okay fine. ryan, something the matter?
ryan:  smokeys dead.
pam:  smokey, the bear?
ryan:  smokey robinson pam. he died like an hour ago, i guess im the first to know.
jim:  wow thats terrible, i really liked him.
ryan:  oh you liked him? thats nice. did you like when he changed the course of american music like two or three times? did you like that tracks of my tears is maybe the last true love song ever written? im glad you liked him jim. i am completely devastated right now.
jim:  well, i second that emotion.
ryan:  huh?
nellie:  i know a few of his songs, but what were his big ones?
ryan:  oh god, nellie! what wasnt his? i mean, um, “tracks of my tears”?
nellie:  yeah
ryan:  um… god, so many, nellie!
pam:  no, no, no, “tracks of my tears” and what else? what are some more? whats one more?
ryan:  okay, im not… im not playing this game, pam. not today.
pam:  i dont think you love smokey robinson. i think youre just doing all of this to prove how deep you are about music
ryan:  okay, im sorry im not a fan of jason mraz or the beatles.
dwight:  you dont like the beatles?
ryan:  thats… thats not the point!
dwight:  eleanor rigby? paperback writer?
ryan:  okay, you know, you always think you have time to see these legends before they go. what was i so busy doing?
oscar:  it says here this smokey robinson dead thing was a hoax. its on cnn as of two minutes ago.
ryan:  okay well, thats a relief!
jim:  wow! look at that! it says hes actually playing state college. thats only three hours away!
pam:  oh my god, ryan! thats perfect! you have to go!
jim:  tickets are 250 bucks.
pam:  250 dollars is nothing to the worlds biggest smokey robinson fan.
ryan:  yeah… whos opening?
jim:  paul anka.
ryan:  paul anka?! how can they make the smoke man play with someone like that? i dont think i can see this.
jim:  okay, you could just show up late though.
ryan:  how much is parking, like 30 bucks? thats not what smokey would have wanted. does want.
pam:  tears of a clown!
ryan:  dont call me a clown, pam. youre better than that!
darryl:  looking good, rc!
robert:  ugh, i hate ties! i feel like im being strangled like im at some erotic asphyxiation sex club over on i-84. the red room say? or dominicks?
angela:  robert! the senator was going to wear dark brown tonight… im sure it will be fine.
angela:  my husband is sponsoring a fundraiser tonight for local dog shelters! robert california bought two tables for everyone here! these people were lucky to get seats because it is going to be a whos who of the northern 22nd district!
dwight:  i dont want to alarm people, but there is a distinct chance that we are all about to be killed
jim:  well, as long as you dont want to alarm people…
oscar:  whats going on?
dwight:  there is a disgruntled ex-employee sitting in his car in the parking lot.
erin:  oh thats andy. hes just hanging out
dwight:  thats how workplace tragedies always begin. a middle aged white male “hanging out”. call the cops!
pam:  dwight, i dont think hes going to hurt anybody.
phyllis:  how do you? i mean, why do you think hes there?
dwight:  i dont even know what kind of weapon he has. could be a knife, could be a gun. could be a series of guns all lined up to shoot parallel. im going up to the roof.  and im gonna bring my gym bag just in case.
nellie:  i knew this would happen! everybody told me if i moved to america, id be murdered.
andy:  hey!
erin:  hey, just wanted to say hi and hear you say everything is normal. maybe video tape you saying that so that everyone upstairs can see.
angela:  we think you might kill robert.
andy:  what?
kevin:  because he fired you which means apparently youre living in your car now.
andy:  guys, everything is fine! im just here to pick up erin. were going to the fundraiser.
pam:  oh, great! that sounds good!
kevin:  wait, what? youre going to the fundraiser tonight? thats going to be weird.
andy:  why would that be weird?
kevin:  its going to be super weird, he just fired you last week.
erin:  andys just coming as my date.
kevin:  hey, i hear you! i hope youre right. it just seems like its going to be really, really weird.
nellie:   come in!
darryl:  you really re-did andys office, huh?
nellie:  yes, cut out the clutter. very simple, very minimal.
darryl:  i need you to sign these, we got a shipment going out.
nellie:  how are things in the warehouse?
darryl:  you could go downstairs and ask them?
nellie:  the warehouse isnt downstairs?  is it? is it?
darryl:  who knew, right?
nellie:   i…
nellie:  tonight could be the night that darryl and i go from casual work friends to actual good friends. the only thing standing in our way is the contempt he seems to feel for me.
angela:  robert, the senator and i wanted to stop by and say hello.
andy:  hello! did anyone order a blast from the past, with a side order of sexy?
kevin:  oh man, this is weird!
robert:  andrew. 
andy:  oh, wanna shake my hand, huh? cause i want to shake your body!  i had you, i had you!
andy:   where do i look? its been so long since i did one of these things? okay, alright! whats the question? how am i doing? umm… great!
kevin:  creed, i just bid twenty dollars on six jiu-jitsu lessons. no ones raping this guy!
creed:  well, i dont want to get raped  twenty-two!
kevin:  no! it was my idea to not be raped!
dwight:   wait, you think jiu-jitsu classes cost $22  if youre going to guess the price, you might as well try to be halfway accurate. $180!
kevin:  whoa, dwight, i dont think you understand.
dwight:  you guess the price, you win the prize. have you never been to a quaker fair before? god!
kevin:  so dwight doesnt understand silent auctions. i guess hes the stupid guy in the office, huh? up till now, we didnt have one!
andy:  what havent i been doing? gosh, just today i was working on this rock opera that im writing, though it feels more like im receiving it than writing it.
jim:  wow, thats exciting! but until you firm up the idea, you might want to keep it between us.
andy:  the hero lives in this dystopian future and he flies around in a spaceship thats shaped like a treble clef. and he has to sing his heart out to destroy all evil.
pam:  sounds like youre doing alright.
andy:  ehh, a little better than alright, actually. really good!
ryan:  oh, this guy is having a breakdown.
senator:  you know, oscar, i really had no idea you were so passionate about animals.
oscar:  my dog gerald is my life.
senator:  really? well, if you want to get involved, call me. this is my cell. im more likely to pick up night, say after 9… excuse me. 
oscar:  this confirms three things: im right about the senator, i still got it, and poor angela.
robert:   i stepped in right away and start–
andy:  bobby! bobbo! youre a rock opera guy, right? you like rock operas?
robert:  well…
andy:  you gotta check out this thing im working on, its really cool. theres this character thomas oregon, and he wants to destroy all the guitars in the world because he realizes that music is the one thing he cant control.
robert:  so, thomas oregon is an evil figure?
andy:  evil!  although hes humanized in the end because he weeps uncontrolably and pees in his pants.
robert:  and the hero, whos that based on?
andy:  me, i guess.  were flying so high, were crackin the sky! gonna fly out of this dome my girlfriend and i!
meredith:  hey jabroni. show some class.
stanley:  shes right, andy. youre being a jabroni
andy:  youre being a thomas oregon!
robert:  andrew, i think this may have been a bad idea. why dont you let me pay for you and erin to go out to a great romantic dinner tonight?
andy:  dont need you to pay for me. im doing just fine, thank you. why dont you quit harshing our mellow?
robert:  andy you should leave. now.
andy:   excuse me. i would like to purchase two seats at another table, please.
waiter:  im sorry, the tables are sold as complete units.
andy:  then ill take a table!
waiter:  okay
andy:  and a high five!  oh, lets do this again!
andy:   oh, yes indeed… when!  whoa, whoa, whoa! you forgot a few salads!  when!
oscar:  i stumbled into a very dramatic situation. angelas husband just hit on me!
pam:  oh my god!
oscar:  i know!
jim:  wait, what? come on!
oscar:  we were talking about animals, he gives me his cell phone number. he was just dying for me to have it.
jim:  okay, oscar, im not saying youre not dreamy, because you are, but isnt it possible that he was just schmoosing a voter?
oscar:  well, if you would have seen the look he gave me, he wanted to run more than just my vote.
jim:  okay, what was this look? 
pam:  whoa!
jim:  what happened, did he do it?
pam:  are you– twice! for real?
jim:  okay guys, not every glance means something, alright? life isnt downton abbey.
pam:  life is downton abbey.
jim:  heres what im going to do. im going to go over there and im going to talk to him and i guarantee you he gives out his cell phone to everybody.
dwight:   how much do you guys charge for a one full year gym membership? thank you!
dwight:  its $475! like candy from a baby!
andy:  hey… david wallace!
david:  andy bernard!
andy:  hey, how are you?
david:  how you doing, im great! how you doing, are you still with dunder mifflin?
andy:  no, got canned last week.
david:  oh, im sorry to hear that.
andy:  no, best thing that ever happened to me.
david:  thats the attitude to have. you know what, when i got canned, i was lost, right? i poured myself into this ridiculous vacuum for toys called suck-it.
andy:  yikes!
david:  yeah, exactly right? then suddenly out of nowhere, the us military bought the patent from me for twenty million dollars! the point is, forget those guys, k? move on! good to see you, andy!
nellie:  call me a lame man, but i wish there was some real food here. you know, like hamburgers… or oreos… or a pizza pie or, whats another food that we like?
darryl:  tacos.
nellie:  what i wouldnt give for a big mess of tacos right now!
darryl:  i can go get us some tacos.
nellie:  brilliant!
darryl:  if you loan me some money.
nellie:  yes, i can do that. for, um, for two tacos, wed probably need about what 20… $20? or $25? $20?
darryl:  $30.
nellie:  $30, yes!
nellie:  ive never eaten a taco. im not entirely sure what they are. as long as theyre not slimy, and please god dont let them have eyes!
oscar:   so?
jim:  boom! 
oscar:  this is interesting.
pam:  hm-hmm.
jim:  what is interesting? i just proved that he gives his cell out to everybody.
pam:  or you proved that he thinks youre gay.
oscar:  he does not think jims gay. a gay man would not leave the house wearing those shoes.
pam:  well, a gay man would not leave the store wearing those shoes!
jim:  oh, hey! you bought me those shoes!
speaker:  before we bring out our guest of honor tonight, we are very proud to introduce a great philanthropist and a great guy. robert california!
robert:  thank you. why do we love dogs? want me to tell you why? there is no answer. our love for them confounds reason!
andy:  can you believe this guy?
robert:  the state senator, robert lipton, loves dogs. he asked me if i loved dogs. you know what i said? yes! 
andy:  not a joke. that was not even a joke.
robert:  bella here was a therapy dog for ten years. when her owner passed away she came to this organization for placement. but people dont often adopt older dogs, so bella and eleven heroes like her are being cared for by our generous volunteers because frankly nobody else will
andy:  i will! i will take all of those dogs!
robert:  andy, thats very kind–
andy:  no, no, no. this guy can talk and talk all he wants, but its not that complicated.
robert:  andy why dont we discuss this at a–
andy:  no, no, no, its about being there for someone after its become inconvenient for them to be around. hello everyone, i am andy bernard and i am going to take that bitch home! that is a female dog reference.  this bitch understands loyalty! sassy human reference  thank you, i will take bella and every single one of her friends!
erin:  oh god!
senator:  mr. bernard, right this way.
andy:  okay! hope you all learned something!
vet:  huey is going to need this medication once every 90 minutes. you can administer it orally, but hes going to puke it up. so, other end is best. dont split up daisy and mojo because daisy will start to, uh… i was going to say bark, but its more of a scream.
andy:  im so ready to love all of these animals. this ones even bonding with me already.
vet:  uh, no. kennys a therapy dog. he apparently thinks youre in some kind of emotional crisis.
andy:  stupid dog.
senator:  well, if you would like to talk about this some more, my office is always open! so heres my office number, and my cell number.
meredith:  thank you!
pam:  well, looks like he really did just want to talk about the issues. im sorry oscar.
oscar:  sorry about what? theres nothing to be sorry about here.
oscar:  no. im certainly not disappointed that angelas husband was not hitting on me. id have to be a monster to root for that. a lonely, aging monster.
darryl:  tacos were on sale, eight for $3!
nellie:  oh, great! okay, oh… oh, these tacos!
darryl:  hmhmm.
nellie:  mmm! uhh  mmmm… oh! hmmph!
darryl:  shes trying.
speaker:  the winner of the three day trip to the sky top lodge is dwight schrute!
dwight:   yes! thank you!
speaker:  the yearlong membership to scraton-bikram yoga is dwight schrute!
dwight:   oh yes! yeah!
speaker:  a one hour appointment with the kissing magician goes to dwight schrute!
dwight:   oh, oh, oh! yeah! ha, ha!
speaker:  well, i think i can save us some time, dwight schrute has won every single item here!
dwight:  thank you very much! all i had to do was look at the prices, idiots! suck it!
speaker:  well, dwight, yes! you certainly are a record breaker! your donation is the largest weve ever received at over 34 thousand dollars! 
jim:  speech! speech! speech! speech!
dwight:  thank you. wow, i cant tell you what an honor it is to support this thing… and obviously that amount of money is no concern to me whatsoever. but, i want to ask you something: when did it become all about the money. when did it become about the flower arrangements, and the white wine spritser, hmm? and all the dinner rolls. you people should be ashamed of yourselves! how many courses did we have tonight, two? three maybe, if you choose the pudding? i mean what waste! these tables tarted up like victorian whores! lets remember we are all here for the dog society. hes whats important, whatever his name is. not any of this. so that is going to be my donation to you. thank you and good night! 
senator:  oscar!
oscar:  nice to see you again, it was lovely!
senator:  it was lovely! and dont forget to call.
oscar:  okay
senator:  thanks so much for coming
oscar:  why does this always happen to me? ahh! i just feel so bad for angela
andy:   so it just goes on under here like this?
vet:  thats right!
andy:  ugh, oh god!
vet:  yeah, you never get used to that.
jim:  hey, just wanted to check in. see how you are doing.
andy:  i am so great!
erin:  hes great. were all great. twelve dogs. this my life now, im a dog nurse.
jim:  look at that one though, hes smiling!
vet:  yeah, he should be! its his first day without a muzzle.
andy:  this is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me
pam:  absolutely, its awesome–
jim:  yes–
kevin:  im sorry, are you guys nuts? hes not doing great! he was fired! this is terrible! this is literally the worst thing that has ever happened to you, not the best.
andy: youre right. hes right, i am a mess. this whole night ive been trying to convince you guys that im fine. i guess i thought that if i could convince you that im fine, maybe–
vet:  maybe you would think it too!  im sorry, its just i dont get to be in a lot of human conversations.
jim:  okay well, andy, listen. its okay if you dont feel totally settled. this is all very fresh.
pam:  yeah, i mean, admitting you need help is the first step!
andy:  yes! and also, focusing on the positive. like i got a lot of good things going on!
jim:  yeah! like that rock opera! you could always do that right?
andy:  yeah, i do. i have that.
jim:  yeah
erin:  youre going to be alright
kevin:  no. no hes not.
andy:  yes, i am! thank you, kev!
kevin:  youre welcome!
kevin:  sometimes i feel like every one i work with is an idiot. and by sometimes i mean all times. all the times. every of the times!
erin:  so some of us ended up adopting those elderly dogs. its been great!
darryl:  peppers been getting me out of the house, going on runs.
kevin:  my dog ruby doesnt do anything, she just lays there all day! shes so chill.
pam:  what do you feed her?
kevin:  well i put out pro bow-wow, but she barely touches it. shes so dainty!
darryl:  is she sick? how are her poops?
kevin:  doesnt really poop. its perfect, nothing to pick up! she just kind of lies there all day like a good girl. i put on the tv for her, but i have to prop her eyes open so she can see it.
pam:  does she smell?
kevin:  she smells horrible. its unbelievable. but i dont want to put her in the bath, because im afraid that shell drown.
kevin:  people seem awful interested in you ruby. guess theyre just jealous, right!  yeah, that a girl, that a girl! man that stinks!
