jim:  hey, so this isnt matching up with this…and im not sure which ones right. can you just hunt down the original for me?
kevin:  yes. me do.
jim:  alright.
jim:  hey kev, what were you saying before about the paperwork?
kevin:  me do it now.go.stop worry.
pam:  kevin, do you feel ok?
kevin:  me feel good.body strong.sleep big last night.
pam:  yeah, i think we should get him to the hospital.
jim:  yeah, alright kev why dont you come with us?
oscar:  no, guys.
angela:  no, hes fine.
oscar:  hes fine.
angela:  hes always been like that.
pam:  no he hasnt.
angela:  i mean, hes gotten worse over the years….
oscar:  hes making a statement. its an ironic comment on our expectations of him.a funhouse image of our model of kevin.
kevin:  you keep think that.
kevin:  me mechanic not speak english. but he know what me mean when me say “car no go”, and we best friends.so me think: why waste time, say lot word when few word do trick?
andy:  kevin, i appreciate what youre trying to do.
kevin:  thank.
andy:  here, we have a word code, the same way we have a dress code.and what were talking about is…basically the speech equivalent… to just wearing underpants.sometimes words, you no need use…but need need for talk talk.
kevin:  but save time. more success.
jim:  does it save time though? ‘cause weve been here for about an hour.
kevin:  no me fault.
pam:  kevin, at most youre saving a microscopic amount of time.
kevin:  many small time make big time.
andy:  what are you gonna do with all this time?
kevin:  see world.
pam:  kevin, you cannot possibly save enough time to see the world.
jim:  k, kevin, are you saying “see the world”? or “sea world?”
kevin:  see world.oceans. fish.jump. china.
jim:  no, see? right there, thats the problem with your method. ‘cause i still dont know if youre saying “sea world” or “see the world,” and its taking a lot of time to explain it.
kevin:  fine, fine.ill talk normally.
kevin:  when me president, they see. they see.
dwight:  this week we are rolling out the brand new sabre tablet….the pyramid.
phyllis:  ooh, why is it shaped like that?
dwight:  so, you can tell your clients: “unleash the power of the pyramid.”
pam:  its huge.how much does it weigh?
dwight:  oh no no no.without the battery pack and optional memory booster, its barely three pounds.
ryan:  how much memory does it have without the booster?
dwight:  fifty l.
ryan:  im sorry,” l”?
jim:  how many l to a k?
dwight:  youre really going to want the booster.
stanley:  how on earth are we supposed to sell…?
jim:  ill take five.
phyllis:  andy, dont make us sell this stupid thing.
andy:  oh, no no no no no. this is dwights meeting.
dwight:  thank you.
andy:  i just wanted to pop in and get your opinions on ties…and tie clips.which combo do you think robert is going to like more?  what do you think, c-span?
oscar:  …”c-span”?
andy:  yeah.c-span, cocker spaniel.spaniel because of your spanish bloodline and cocker cause……
dwight:  is this really the best use of our collective time?
andy:  i am still forming a first impression with robert.once it is formed, we can all relax.ok, im sorry to hijack your meeting , d dub dog…had to pull rank.
dwight:   ok, lets look at some ties.
dwight:  heres how im going to help out from now on. im going to not care, and im going to sit around quietly waiting for andys inevitable demise.
dwight:   your friend neil patrick harris really made me laugh the other night.
erin:  um, d-dog, you have a message.
pam:  erin, you dont need to call him that.
erin:  andy wants us to, p-dog.
darryl:  its ok e-dog, just who called?
erin:  justine.she said shes coming by later.
jim:  your ex-wife?
kevin:  wait, i thought she was a **** and you ******* hated her guts?
darryl:  no no no no.i like her.
kevin:  well im just quoting you.i would never say that about her.i dont know the woman.
darryl:  nah man, we get along now.real well.
jim:  wow. alright. cant wait to meet her.
darryl:  ill introduce you.
darryl:  yeah, we had a few fights, i suppose.but last night we put a lot of that to bed.i cant tell you what i did with my ex wife last night…. i have to sing it. we took a shower, we were naked. we ska dap dap doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
andy:   hi dad!…… ahhh….oh boy.
robert:  hello, andy.excellent tie.
erin:  would you be requiring a cold beverage while youre here?
robert:  id love some coffee.
robert:  i was looking over your projections, and i think we can do better.
andy:  are you factoring in the… whole national …economy…. declining and all that?
robert:  andy, do you know why i chose you?
andy:  i think i can sum it up with what i think is your favorite ice cream flavor….vanilla?
robert:  vanilla? no no no no.youll never guess in a million billion years youll never guess.
andy:  you were saying you chose me…. there was a reason?
robert:  andy, can you inspire? do you have that skill set?
andy:  can i inspire?  i dont know!…..i dont know.
robert:  oh! thank you. uh….
erin:  oh, sorry.
robert:  you can just put it down.
erin:  oh
robert:  that is very cold.
erin:  yeah.its old. 
robert:  why would i…..?
erin:  i asked if you wanted a cold beverage and you said “coffee”….
andy:  why dont we get robert a nice hot fresh cup and i will have this.
erin:  andy, you dont want that.
andy:  ive been craving a freezing cup of old coffee.  mmm….
erin:  sorry.
robert:  you like her.
andy:  i do.
robert:  she likes you.
andy:  you know, weve both been into each other at different times and just never really synced up.now were in this weird dance….
robert:   im afraid youve lost my interest.
oscar:  let me call you back.
meredith:  i gotta go.
robert:  if the office superstore was supposed to put us little suppliers out of business, why are we still here?
robert:  ah…
kevin:  this is where we go
robert:   oh, youd go someplace else.thats not it, thats not the answer.
kevin:  its a answer.
robert:  its a wrong answer.
kevin:  there are no wrong answers.
robert:  take a look at where you are, where you once worked in a dying industry, you now work at its birth.those superstores are terrified of us.anybody know why?
phyllis:  wait….theyre terrified?
robert:  let me tell you how i buy something these days.i know what i want i go on the internet, i get the best price.or i dont know what i want and i go to a small store that can help me.the era of personal service is back. you are back.youll find that customers will pay our higher prices and then they will thank us, and we will say to them “you are welcome.”  andrew, i chose you for a reason. lead these people.show me the best numbers this place has ever seen.last quarter we saw 4% growth. double it.
andy:  you got it.
robert:  double.
andy:  done.
robert:  im not kidding.
andy:  neither am i, its already done.hah, im just kidding, its going to take some time.
robert:  double.
jim:  hey. 
andy:  whats up, guys? just thought wed have a little rap session, talk about business…see how things are going? ahem…
jim:  why dont you start?
andy:  if no one else wants to? i was just thinking about robert…man.what a boss.just throws down goals, you know? anyway, hows the sales doubling …project going?
phyllis:  yeah, how are we supposed to do that? we cant just press a magic button.
andy:  of course not.theres no magic button.you have to summon that.
stanley:  if we could just double our sales, we already would have.youre not making any sense.
jim:  he brings up two good points.do you have any new leads? any new territories you want us to look into? maybe have an in with a big client that we can get our foot in the door?
andy:  dwight, anything?
dwight:  we could talk about how fast children grow up, and before you know it theyre out of the house.
andy:  you know what? we need to get our heads out of the box.if we did have something, what would it look like, what would it be?  tuna.
jim:  new leads, a new territory to look into, maybe an in with a big company that we could get our foot in the door…
andy:  fart….. good sesh.  that legs asleep.
justine:  hello. im looking for darryl philbin?
kevin: dont! oh, you must think…im not. im using the fax, this isnt, no wait.im not supposed to represent the company. right? theres usually an erin here.
justine:  ok….?
kevin:  so…darryl! a girl!
darryl:   rub a dub dub…i got scrubbed.‘sup, darlin? everybody, this is justine.  this is jim and oscar, everybody.
meredith:  hi.
kevin:  kevin.
justine:  can we…. go some place private?
darryl:  follow me, i got a space. after you.ive been thinking about you all mornin.i dont know what you did, i can barely walk today.
andy:  d-bone. there you are.
dwight:  let me guess, somebody needs a brownie…?lick the spoon?
andy:  no, thats ok. just, i want, i wanted to ask you about…
dwight:  is this about the profits? because if it is i just dont see the point. its so wall street.
andy:  i know, right?
dwight:  right?
andy:  yeah…um, how is everything?
dwight:  good. really really good.
andy:  must be a tough time to be a family farm.
dwight:  oh, it is. and beets are not immune.we made some inroads in salads, but heirloom tomatoes are pushing back.
andy:  oof.what are you gonna do about that?
dwight:  i dont know, what do you mean?
andy:  theres gotta be some way you can double your beet sales…
dwight:  you wanted the job, the job is yours.just do the job!  and ill do mine….. walnuts?
kevin:  no!
angela:  have you seen this? 
pam:  parenting? yeah. this is cicis favorite magazine. she loves the pictures of babies.
jim:  she looks at it when shes on the potty, and she makes the faces.
angela:  have you read it? has an adult member of your family read this particular issue?
pam:  i flipped through it.
angela:  so you saw the article on the importance of taking frequent walks while youre pregnant?
pam:  of course.
jim:  we know that.
pam:  yeah.
angela:  i will be taking a morning walk and an afternoon walk.would you like to join me?
pam:  that sounds nice.
angela:  great.
jim:  you have a walking buddy.
pam:  i do.
andy:  thanks for coming in guys.
phyllis:  you dont have to thank us for coming in, its our job.
andy:  well i never got thanked for coming into a meeting and i always wanted to be so im gonna thank people.
meredith:  whats with the blanket?
andy:  this is whats under the blanket.
oscar:  we dont get it.
andy:  these are incentives.its how were gonna double growth. now, youre probably all asking yourselves: “well, how does this work?”
pam:  seems like a basic reward system where you give us points, and then we redeem those points for prizes.
andy:  youre exactly right and you get a point.
pam:  oh. 
ryan:  uh, is that a vibrator?
andy:  twenty points.
meredith:  how does one get a point?
andy:  ive outlined the exact parameters in an email, so check your spam folders, but basically you do your job better, you get points. so, collect fifteen points and redeem them for this polar bear.
kelly:  why is it all kid stuff and a vibrator? its so gross.
andy:  theres lots of stuff.john irving, collected works, twenty-two points. or, you can pool your points and redeem fifty-five for this maternity shirt.
stanley:  how ‘bout you want us to work harder, pay us more.
andy:  i cant.
kelly:  this point system is really insulting.
andy:  ooh i didnt mean to offend you, and i hope youll forgive me because i am very very… sari.  sixteen points.
kelly:  thats a tablecloth.
jim:  what if we went all the way up to five hundred points?
andy:  thats a crazy amount of points.
jim:  but, what if?
andy:  well, what do you want?
jim:  i dont know, for such a crazy number id like something pretty crazy.
andy:  alright. for five hundred points, i will wear a dress to work. 
jim:  thats pretty good.what about uh, for a thousand points?
andy:  ill run naked through the parking lot with a donut on my ding-dong.  yeah? you like that? alright! for five thousand points, i will let you tattoo whatever you want on the stern of the old ss bernard!
group:  ooooh!
oscar:  really?
jim:  alright, alright. and you are totally serious?
andy:  swear to god, hope to die. now lets get to work!
jim:  wait. you did say we could pool our points, right? in that case…lets get to work.
dwight:  yeah!
pam:  yeah! whoo! 
jim:  i can have it to you by the beginning of next week.alright? thanks very much.  uh, phyllis! bracken auto?
phyllis:  ask for donald, karens bananas.
jim:  ok.
andy:  t-bag bone…
jim:  andrew.
andy:  have you noticed a little bit of a mood shift around here?
jim:  no, i didnt notice anything.
andy:  really? because i sat next to stanley for years….and this is nap time. open eye nap time. he balances the phone on his shoulder and just powers down.now look at him.
stanley:   youve got to unleash the power of the pyramid!
jim:  i dont know what to tell you, man.
andy:  you think it has something to do with that incentive program?
jim:  oh, one hundred percent.we all want to see you tattoo your ass.
andy:  bah…i think people thought i was kidding when i said that.
jim:  nah, you definitely werent kidding.and that came across loud and clear. oh, by the way, i want to hand this in. 
andy:  hundred and twenty points.
jim:  yeah. big sale. dont worry about it though, i dont really care about the points.i would like a point receipt though… hey! yes, this is jim halpert calling for donald…can you hold on for one second? thank you very much. 
pam:  who talked to maggie at kaufmans?
erin:  yes! 
jim:  and im back. how are you sir?….i think we can squeeze a couple more golf games in, right?
pam:  wheres angela? 
andy:  hey kevin, what are you doing?
kevin:  dont talk to me! 
andy:   hi, professor frank, andy bernard, class of 95. hey there, um, im a huge fan of your management book, management. um, quick question.i may be missing a chapter here…de-incentivizing. what are your strategies? looking for a real blow to morale…uh why? well, um i guess you could say im in one of those classic ass tattoo incentive situations. 
andy:  took ‘em one day.
pam:  ready!  “im not as think as you drunk i am!” 
ryan:  i like it, i like it! 
pam:  do not resuscitate…
andy:  ok, keep in mind, its not too late to choose another prize and there are some great new additions.my car  for a thousand points….or best offer.
phyllis:  what else you got?
pam:  oh, and then this was phylliss idea… so nasty phyllis!
pam:  we were hoping you could do something like this…
tattoo artist:  so, coming out of his butt is a…
pam:  baby.
tattoo artist:  baby…
pam:  yes.
tattoo artist:  yeah, no problem.
andy:  we should think about this…does anyone have any better ideas?
stanley:  i like what we have.
meredith:  looks good.
erin:  yeah.
kevin:  for sure.
andy:  just need a second outside.
jim:  gettin psyched up?
andy:  yeah.
jim:  andy, nobody really expects you to go through with this…
andy:  tunes..what am i doing here? why did robert pick me? ….confession: i dont know what im doing.
jim:  i mean, do you like it? you having fun?  tell you this, everybody else is having a lot of fun….and you did that.
andy:  my ass is only so big, i mean i cant do this everyday.
jim:  but i think its big enough to buy you some time till your next great idea….which, by the way, i cant wait for.
andy:  no one expects me to go through with this, right?
jim:  absolutely not.
andy:  lets ink…my stink! 
andy:  my heart belongs to music. but my ass belongs to these people.
group:  whoa!
andy:   do your worst!
tattoo artist:  uh, you can keep your pants on actually…if just drop ‘em down a bit, thatd be great.
andy:  they are already off, my good sir.
tattoo artist:  id really prefer they not be down.
andy:  well, i think downs better.sweating pretty heavily down there.
pam:  do you think you could work from this?  we made some small adjustments.
tattoo artist:  ok, you want me to…
pam:  just a few adjustments
tattoo artist:  alright, lets begin.
andy:  this is where i grin and be-yow ow!
tattoo artist:  that was just the cotton swab.
andy:  invest in softer cotton, sir.  ow! oh! oooh!  oh, whoa!!
dwight:  obviously you can go the ass tattoo route and obviously, im gonna like it.
dwight:  draw some blood!
andy:  ahhhhh!!!!!!!
robert:  why did i choose andy to run the office? because hes all surface, uncomplicated. what you see is what you get. could be a recipe for mediocrity, yes, but then again, it might just be why people fight for him.
andy:   its a nard dog!  thats my nickity-name! i love it, i love it!
jim:  pull up your pants.
robert:  theres something about an underdog that really inspires…the unexceptional.
pam:  um, what should we talk about?
angela:  well, we could talk about an ethical dilemma im having.
pam:  oh yeah, sure. um, i hope i can help.
angela: a coworker of mine is drinking caffeine while pregnant, and i dont know if i should call social services about it.
pam:  angela, thats pretty transparently me.
angela:  maybe.
pam:  you know its just herbal tea.
angela:  in mugs with trace amounts of coffee!
pam:  yeah. i think you should call social services.
angela:  i already did.
pam:  you know, maybe we should just have our own pregnancies and not pretend like were in this together.
angela:  fine.
pam:  fine.
andy:  when youre a kid, you picture a pilot kinda like this  but then you learn thats crashing the plane. the right way to do it is more like this.  or better yet, like this.  now that im manager, i think about that a lot. i let dwight run the meetings, i let good people do good work and i stay out of the way.
andy:  which combo do you think roberts gonna like better?
phyllis:  just wear one of your bowties.
kelly:  no! i mean, let him, he should just explore other options…
kelly:  bowties, no offense, are a black thing. theyre for rappers and nba players. i cringe when i see tucker carlson trying to pull off a bowtie. its like yeah tucker, youre so street.
andy:  this is combo number seven.
all:  hmm, no.
pam:  i dont like that clip.
andy:  youre right, youre right, youre right. uh! its so hard to find an occasion for this clip.
jim:  id hang on to it though, cause i can think of a bunch. like a 70s theme party, or a 70s theme meeting, or a 70s theme convention…
andy:  sure.
jim:  1870s…
andy:  thanks t-dog.
ryan:  t-dog?
toby:  i thought i was t-dog.
jim:  nope, he means tuna dog.
andy:  tuna dog
andy:  i thought the plane was flying pretty well on auto-pilot. and then robert california ran into the cockpit with a gun and he was like “fly this plane to cuba, and on the way bomb texas” well i dont know how to get there. or even how to fly, even. and i dont have any bombs.
erin:  hey. maybe itd help to just talk it over. over a cup of cool old tea.
andy:   yeah.
erin:  what if you were to just start with your ideas about how to double profits. just say them all and maybe one of them will rise to the top.
andy:  i dont have any ideas though.
erin:  well i have an idea.
andy:  you do?
erin:  what if dunder mifflin were to take on 15-20 foster kids? youd get huge checks from the government and honestly they would be ecstatic to live in the warehouse. it would be like hogwarts.
andy:  yeah….i dont think thats legal. its a nice thought though.  what is this?
erin:  i just wanted to say congratulations on your new job, officially.
andy:  you didnt have to do that. 
erin:  i saw it at the checkout counter, it made me think of you. i dont know why. i made it into a key chain.
andy:  youre the only person whos congratulated me
