dwight:  ….back orders and you never called them.
oscar:  can you believe this?
erin:  theres a dog in the car.
oscar:  you cant leave a dog in a parked car.  snowboarder, it figures.
jim:  do snowboarders hate animals?
oscar:  i bet this guy didnt leave his weed in the car. ok we have to do something because this is incredibly dangerous.
andy:  oscar, its not that hot out.
darryl:  a car parked in the sun is like a toaster oven.
andy:  well, we dont know how long the drivers been gone and its not in direct sunlight.
kelly:  so what, andy, you wanna just let him die, you scumbag?
kevin:  here, im gonna get in my car. when i start dying, i will honk the horn three times. that means save the dog.
dwight:  ok, you know what? im gonna give him something to drink. come here, doggy.  come on.
jim:  dwight! at least aim it.
dwight:  there you go! here doggy! hes not even trying. come here doggy, come on.
andy:  were losing cloud cover.
kelly:  oh dont try to get in on it now, michael vick.
darryl:  hey, hey, hey. vick did his time.
oscar:  this guys been gone long enough. hes lost his right to a window. 
jim:  whoa whoa whoa whoa!
oscar:  come on buddy, get back.
dwight:  whoa, oscar! what are you- what? no, hey! 
jim:  alright! nice job, oscar!
oscar:  and one for good measure! 
jim:  so…ah, whos gonna take the dog?
oscar:  why would we take the dog?
jim:  what if he jumps out the window and runs away?
oscar:  jim, hes not gonna star- 
meredith:  whoa!
oscar:  shh! shh! stay there, stay.
dwight:  nein. sits.  goot.
jim:  oscar, what do you wanna do, this is kinda your deal. you wanna dog?
oscar:   there we go. that should do it.
jim:  yeah, thats pretty good.
dwight:  yeah, thatll work.
kelly:  thatll work.
jim:  nice job.
dwight:  bye poochie!
kelly:  bye. 
meredith:  bye! 
pam:  whats that come to? like, what did they each win?
jim:  oh man, its gotta be over a hundred thousand dollars.
pam:  awesome.
dwight:  before taxes.
phyllis:  thats still a lot of money!
andy:  the warehouse crew won the lottery yesterday. nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars. and then they quit!…and no one else can focus.  this is it. this is all on my shoulders. im the one who has to tell everyone to get back to work, im the one who has to tell darryl to hire a new warehouse crew. im the one who has to say those things.
darryl:   hello?….justine!  nice surprise! how you doin baby?….nah. no no, i didnt win. when i got promoted i stop-…what?…yeah. yeah, glenn won….oh, you wanna call him? yeah, you should call him, congratulate him. thatll be-…what?….oh, his numbers in your old phone. oh, you know what? i might have it right-  whoops.
darryl:  when i worked in the warehouse, i was part of that lotto pool. they won … playing my birthday.
oscar:  what really interests me is the group dynamic of six people winning the lottery. this will not end well. right?
phyllis:  yeah.
meredith:  were lookin at at least one suicide and one weird sex thing.
oscar:  at least.
jim:  i mean, i dont even know what id do with all that money.
dwight:  i know what youd do with all that money.  “hey pam, lets buy expensive bathrobes and hug.”
jim:  no, id probably buy a big piece of land in maine, build a house, work in town. somewhere i could bike to or kayak to. id either bike to my job at the kayak shop or kayak to my job at the bike shop.
pam:  and then on the weekends, would you hacky sack back to reality and spend time with your wife and kids?
jim:  whoa. saucy. i thought you liked maine?
pam:  i think we should get a townhouse in soho…
ryan:  sohos mostly lofts but ok.
pam:  and then every morning, id walk out on to my terrace and i would breathe in the inspiration of the city. you know? and just gather ideas for my painting…
kelly:  oh, god.
pam:  and then my handsome husband…
jim:  which ideally would be me….
pam:  would bring me a flavored coffee.
jim:  stop. im a barista in your fantasy?
pam:  well in your fantasy were stephen king characters.
jim:  i dont know about stephen king, i mean…
meredith:   get a divorce…get a divorce…
kelly:  i think i would keep working. and for my salary i guess i would take like a dollar a year….i mean obviously i wouldnt come in till noon and i wouldnt do anything i didnt wanna do. i mean im getting paid a dollar a year, ok? you can chill.
andy:  are you kidding me?! guys if i have to ask you to get back to work one more time, im gonna change my tone.  to down here like mr. t. and this will get seriously annoying. i feel sympathy for the jerks who have to listen to this all day.  darryl, how we doin on the new warehouse guys?
darryl:  i dont know.
andy:  what d-? what..what? wuh, do we have new guys, or what?
darryl:  no.
andy:  are they on their way over?
darryl:  i havent hired anyone.
phyllis:  what? no warehouse guys? i have an important order that has to go out by five. i emailed you about it.
darryl:  im not checkin email till lunch. four hour work week.
andy:  this is kinda time sensitive.
darryl:  i got it. im doin it.
phyllis:  andy, this is a seriously big order. i cant lose this client.
andy:  alright, well until we have a new crew, lets get some volunteers for warehouse duty. whos in? 
erin:  as long as you guys dont need me up here.
phyllis:  no..we dont
dwight:  i think well be fine. 
oscar:  really, nobodys gonna help her? is chivalry dead?
andy:  are you volunteering?
oscar:  of course. i would. but my hip….i would kill to be at a hundred percent. 
andy:  jim! how bout you?
jim:  uh, yeah. i mean, as the strongest person in this office, i guess i should go down with you…
dwight:  hey…ok no. no. that. you are so not…oh god.  false. andy, i will volunteer.
andy:  great. and kevin.
kevin:  good old kevin. hell do anything. well guess what? i will not do a good job.
pam:  oh, thank you.
angela:  sure.
pam:  wait, wait. whats this? 
angela:  oh, sorry. i thought it was a guess your babys birth weight pool.
pam:  it says “lotto pool”, right on top. 
angela:  yeah. and i said sorry.
pam:  oh come on. you really think im gonna have a fourteen pound baby?
darryl:  when did i get so fat?
andy:  you look awesome.
darryl:  i didnt hire anyone if thats why youre here.
andy:  where are we in the process?
darryl:  i have a file of applicants here. i just gotta open it, look at it, interview a bunch of guys,hire some of em. so id say were in the early stages of the process.
andy:  did you go out celebrating with the guys last night?
darryl:  the guys did invite me out to celebrate but i decided to just stay home. eat a bunch of tacos in my basement.
andy:  you do have a fantastic basement.
darryl:  i did. i did have a fantastic basement. now it smells like tacos. you cant air out a basement and taco air is heavy. settles at the lowest point.
andy:  right. um, well how bout we take a look at some applications? …this guy wrote his in green ink, thats pretty cool. check it out. hey! there ya go…there he is.
andy:  that is not darryl. i dont know where darryl is. i suspect probably our darryl is inside of fat darryl.
jim:  ok. three hundred boxes of twenty pound white. thats seventy-five boxes per person, so thats not so bad.
dwight:  negative! three hundred boxes for me, zero for you chumps. deal with it! 
jim:  nice.  whoa whoa whoa whoa! oh!
kevin:  damn! 
dwight:  yup.
andy:  welcome, everybody! my name is andy and this is my other brother darryl. what? no newhart fans? ok…darryl, how do we usually kick these things off?
darryl:  you mean what did we do the last time the warehouse won the lottery?
andy:  does anyone have experience? shelving, storing, keeping track. what do we use, the dewey decimal system?
darryl:  oh yeah.
andy:  well-
darryl:  one of em, glenn, is starting one of those fat camps where he steals your kid in the middle of the night. madge and a couple other guys might start a strip club, but on a boat. and heday is investing in an energy drink for asian homosexuals. 
andy:  um, can you guys give us a minute? but stay close, youre all doing great.  maybe grab a coffee..or if theres any donuts out you can split one. you know theyre for everybody so people get fussy….you know what? just have a donut.  do you wanna talk about this not winning the lottery thing?
darryl:  i dont
andy:  you sure? cause you keep talking about it, so…
darryl:  nope. im good. im here. lets find some warehouse workers.
andy:  good. great. then can you say things that arent like a huge bummer to everybody? cause the more i talk, the more theyre gonna realize i dont know what im talking about.
darryl:  ok.
andy:  we need you, ok?
darryl: ok.
andy:  ok?
darryl:  yeah.
andy:  alright.
dwight:   whats the problem? grunting is scientifically proven to add more power. ask any female tennis player. or her husband. 
erin:  i didnt feel anything.
andy:  alright! thank you for coming back in, again. uh, now were gonna ask you a few questions. darryl, you have the floor.
darryl:  why do you wanna work here?
darryl:  thats not a good reason.
andy:  good. keepin em honest.
darryl:  dont just take the first job that comes your way. cause next thing you know, its ten years later and youre still there. could write your obituary tomorrow, its not gonna change.
andy:  are we scaring them straight….?
darryl:  i hope so. think about this carefully. theres better lives than this one.
darryl:  ive never been lucky. and im not talkin about the lottery, im talkin bout stuff like developing a soy allergy at thirty-five. who gets a soy allergy at thirty-five? and why is soy in everything?
ryan:  nice. right back where i like you.  can you make ten copies of this for me?
pam:  no.
ryan:  why not? what are you doing?
pam:  uh, buying lottery tickets online. 
ryan:  ah, everyone wants to be rich, but nobody wants to work for it.
pam:  you came in at 10:30 today, right?
ryan:  ok, (well just dismiss it.)??????
andy:  is everyone licensed?
andy:  no. warehouse license….masters in warehouse sciences?…i, i feel like darryl has talked about a license of some kind.
andy:  no. not joking. this is real….painfully real, what is happening right now.
kevin:   ok, im not gonna make it. im turning back.
jim:  theres gotta be a better way to do this. this is literally how they built the pyramids.
dwight:  well, they whipped people which was helpful. but youre right. we should be able to find a more efficient way of moving boxes than madge or heday.
jim:  yeah  not that theyre not smart people.
dwight:   no, no. very smart. uh, theirs is more of a physical intelligence.
jim:  id go with that.
dwight:  like baboons or elephants.
jim:  not that, dont…
kevin:  guys! when i was a kid, my sisters used to butter me up and slide me across the linoleum floor of the kitchen. then really made them laugh.
jim:  its a great idea kev, i dont think it applies here though, so maybe we just-
kevin:  yeah we move stuff and it was fun.
dwight:  kevin! doesnt apply.
kevin:  right. my mom-
erin:   you need to drop it, ok? they hate it. i like it a lot but they hate it so drop it! 
andy:  does anyone get distracted easily by bubble wrap?  youll be dealing with lots of bubble wrap obviously. um…
darryl:  did you hire em?
andy:  no. because they all left.
darryl:  what do you mean “they left”?
andy:  i mean, after you bailed? i got confused and frankly a little weird and the stuff that you said certainly didnt help.
darryl:  then i think you should fire me.
andy:  what are you talking about? im not gonna fire you.
darryl:  yeah. just put me out of my misery.
andy:  …..ok, this is weird. i dont, i dont get the joke.
darryl:  no? ok. i dont wanna be here anymore. fire me.
andy:  so darryl says to me “fire me”. but what he really means is “im gonna say something really weird, try and figure out what it means.” so i say “no, youre not fired.” but what i really mean is “i have no idea what your talking about, but im gonna go ahead and hire some people for the warehouse and hope that you eventually start feeling better.”……..i really hope thats what he and i mean.
andy:  attention! does anyone know anyone who could work in the warehouse? we can pay. come on oscar, whos the most jacked guy in all of scranton? like your wildest fantasy guy.
oscar:  bulk or definition?
andy:  definition.
oscar:  bruce kenwood. he hangs out at plant fitness.
andy:  are those just show muscles? or is he really strong?
oscar:  oh, hes plenty strong.
oscar:  it used to be reggie winters out at golds gym. but he moved away. and then it was between bruce and this guy dean. um, but dean got fixated on his calves and uh, and his triceps went to hell.
pam:  so. ive been thinking, after we win the lottery, we take our winnings….
jim:  our fake winnings
pam:  and we move to the south of france. see? no, theres plenty of bicycling for you. i think thats where they do the tour de france.
jim:  it is, yeah. i mean i just dont know why im compromising if its my fantasy. cause in my fantasy its maine and you love it.
pam:  because im never gonna act like that, even in your fantasy.
jim:  nope. youre, youre doing a great job of it in my fantasy right now. 
dwight:  hey, idiot. what did erin want again?
jim:  a…hot chocolate tea
andy:  gideon. you are a phd candidate studying americas diminishing blue-collar workforce?
gideon:  north america…and, diminishing is a little reductive, but uh sure. thats the headline version.
andy:  great….well, itll bring a fresh new perspective to the warehouse.
gideon:  fyi, wednesday through friday i have a pretty full teaching schedule.
andy:  eh, cool. well figure that out.
nate:  also, fyi, ah, i dont techinically have a hearing problem, but sometimes when theres a lot of noises occurring uh at the same time, ill hear em as one big jumble. uh, again its not that i cant hear, uh because thats false. i can. um, i just cant distinguish between everything im hearing.
andy:  got it. dually noted. you!  coolest tank top i have ever seen. where did you get that?
bruce:  made it.
andy:  so cool! what a cross-section we have here. thats what i love about interviewing. i get to meet all these people i wouldnt ordinarily meet or know or even talk to.
dwight:  message in a bottle, the postman…
jim:  kevin costner.
dwight:  kevin costner.
jim:  yeah. 
kevin:  so i found this grease. and then i remembered that you thought it was a great idea.
erin:  you did say it was a great idea. i heard you say it!
jim:  so, its not the dumbest idea.
dwight:  its not the greatest one either…
jim:  but, the fact remains we gotta move these boxes.
dwight:  and its clear were not going to carry them. 
jim:  so sadly, its the best idea on the table.
dwight:  exactly.
kevin:  i think were ready to give thi-  jim?
jim:  is he ok?
dwight:  yep. hell be fine.
andy:  surprise! your new crew.
darryl:  would you just fire me, man?
andy:  why? because you didnt win the lottery? how am i supposed to make you happy?
darryl:  you wanna make me happy? huh?
andy:  yeah.
darryl:  give me your job.
andy:  haha, what?
darryl:  ill do it better than you. i earned it. i deserve it. i got passed over, god knows why, reasons i cannot and will not understand. the job was mine andy, everyone said it was mine. make me manager or fire me.
andy:  im not gonna give you my job! its my job! i earned it! and heres the thing, you werent even next in line. i asked about you, i saw your file. you have a history of being short with people and you hired glenn, your buddy! to replace you in the warehouse. he was under qualified. they saw that.
nate:  also, darryl, fyi, i already told this to andy, but uh, you should probably know i technically dont have a hearing problem, its just when theres a lot of noises…
andy:  nate! please….thank you. you have no business education, you were gonna take classes under dangelo, what happened to that?
darryl:  he died.
andy:  he didnt die, his brain died. and my brain is still very much alive and id be happy to give you business classes. how come you havent asked me about it?
nate:  what wa-, what was the last…im havin a-
andy:  none, no part of this has anything to do with you.
darryl:  i didnt have time because of my daughter.
andy:  oh, but you had time for a softball clinic, and a mediterranean cooking class.
darryl:  hey im not gonna tell you this stuff if you gonna throw it back in my face.
andy:  hey. heres the thing. jo saw something in you. she loved you! she gave you a shot and then you stopped pushing. she noticed. 
darryl:  ok.
andy:  ok what?
darryl:  ok, dont fire me.
andy:  ah, ok.
darryl:  my futures not gonna be determined by seven little white lotto balls. its gonna be determined by two big black balls. i control my destiny. i do.
darryl:  i put some guys on tonight. best of your bunch and my bunch. tell you now though, its gonna be mostly my bunch.
andy:  yeah.  that makes sense. ok. good, alright.
kevin:  here…
andy:  what is goin on?! 
kevin:  oh hey guys.
darryl:  why is the forklift in the wall?
andy:  why is the truck empty?
dwight:  uh, its not totally empty.
darryl:  is that grease on my floor?
dwight:  ok, i can see why youre angry, youre coming into this cold. but believe me a lot of thought went into this.
darryl:  and did your brains tell you to ruin these boxes with grease?
kevin:  ok darryl, listen and then you will understand. the boxes were ruined during our first trial testing so now its cool cause we found another use for them.
jim:  ok, alright, thats…look. all we were trying to do is we thought we could come up with a more efficient way to do things.
darryl:  and?
erin:  and we did.
dwight:  i dont know.
erin:  jim? tell them what its called.
jim:  thats alright.
kevin:  no jim, tell em what a name is.
jim:  doesnt matter what the name is. señor loadenstein, thats stupid.
kevin:   señor loadenstein. tell em why its called that, jim.
jim:  thats ok, were good.
erin:  jim…
andy:  no, jim. tell us why its called señor loadenstein.
jim:  porque es muy rapido.
dwight:  ok. you know what? its been a real busy day, what do you say we put all this away.
darryl:  let me see it.
dwight:  its uh, its in beta testing.
darryl:  let me see it!
dwight:  get the thing, go! lube it up, kevin! start mopping.
phyllis:  yeah, i lost my client.
creed:  i already won the lottery. i was born in the us of a, baby. and as backup i have a swiss passport.
toby:  i would spend a lot of time launching my true crime podcast, the flenderson files. dum bum buh.  flenderson files.
pam:  we came to an agreement. were going to live in a stunning pre-war brownstone at the top of a mountain.
jim:  right. its city and country combined.
pam:  just a subway stop away are the best museums in the world.
jim:  and i can fish right from the window of pams pottery studio. and we can chat any time we want.
pam:  just like now.
jim:   just like now….too bad the schools are terrible.
pam:  oh..
jim:  but what are you gonna do about that?
pam:  what are you gonna do?
toby:  if i won the lottery, i dont know. i dont think id make any changes to my life. quit my job, move, meet someone….
ryan:  id give 35% to aids related charities. 25%. if they cant cure aids with 25%, the extra tens not gonna make a difference. at some point, youre just throwing good money after bad.
phyllis:  the first thing id buy is new boobs. for my mom. she has the worst boobs. it- its embarrassing
jim:  ok, ok. we are so close. all we have to do is figure out that corner and were basically there.
dwight:  i know. kevin, weve been friends for a long time, right?
kevin:  egons.
dwight:  so if i was to ask you to sacrifice your body and lay down on a greasy corner and act as a human bumper shield-
jim:  ok, dwight! come on. here, i think i have an idea.
dwight:  i wouldnt be asking you lightly, now would i?
kevin:  no.
dwight:  right. now do you wanna wear a trash bag, er…
jim:  dammit dwight!
kevin:  however its normally done
jim:  ok, i have a question. why is the truck so far away?
kevin:  yeah jim, whys it so far?
erin:  whys it so far away?
jim:  ok, i just asked that ques-, i dont know. i mean it seems like the door is huge, right? so you should be able to back the truck up to the paper.
dwight:  yeah, why is it so far away jim?
jim:  so this warehouse has been around for what? like a thousand years? and they never thought to back the truck up into it? i guess sometimes it just takes a fresh set of eyes. alright! 
kevin:  back…
erin:  yeah.
kevin:  that looks good. back. whoa whoa whoa!
jim:  whoa whoa whoa!
erin:  youre doing great! a little farther away from the wall!
kevin:  no no no!
erin:  good…
jim:  no! stop! stop stop stop stop! youre way over! ok, you gotta cut it! cut it hard! (bleep!) stop stop stop stop! stop, stop! dammit dwight. great.
dwight:  come on!
jim:  good
