jim:   hey. so, we saw a new billboard.
andy:  yeah? pretty cool, huh?
andy:  what better way to announce our new slightly lower prices than with an ad campaign? and what better face for an ad campaign than our new regional manager?
andy:  howd it look?
jim:  youve seen it, right?
andy:  no.
pam:  andy, somebody defaced it.
andy:  what?  morning, stanley.
jim:  theres this thing that people tend to do with billboards. how do i put this? if theres an opportunity for a graffiti artist to work in a… phallic shape, interacting with the artwork, itll happen, and andy gave them that opportunity.
andy:  erin, how long did we order those billboards for?
erin:  six months.
andy:  oh, god. i need you to call the billboard company.
meredith:   great billboard! funny, edgy, right up to the line without crossing it, loved it.
andy:  which one did you see?
meredith:  washington street, the one with, like, twenty dongs on it.
jim:  okay, dont be gross.
dwight:   whats going on?
pam:  somebody defaced the billboards we just put out in an inappropriate way.
dwight:  oh, thats funny. wait, from the photo shoot with you and me?
andy:  yeah, dwight.
dwight:  no. no. no! no! no! no! no! no!  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! no! no! no!  nooooooooo!
dwight:  schrute farms is very easy to find, its right in the middle of the root vegetable district. if the soil starts to get acidic, youve probably gone too far.
ryan:  just give us the address. well look it up online.
dwight:  its simpler this way.
oscar:  its really not.
andy:  now, stated arrival time is 3 p.m.
kelly:  i dont get the reason for this party.
phyllis:  yeah, whats the reason?
kelly:  whats the reason, andy? whats the reason?
andy:  its just a garden party. sheesh.
andy:  you dont need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party. its a garden party. you dont need a reason.
andy:  few other super simple reminders – no burping, no slurping, when eating take small bites and chew thoroughly with your mouth closed. yes, darryl?
darryl:  what happens when were done chewing? do we spit it out on the floor, or keep it in our mouths the rest of the time?
andy:  i get it, im being a little overbearing. but i promise to be underbearing for a week if you guys just all… step it up.
oscar:  andy, we understand basic table manners, were not children.
phyllis:  yeah, its just a picnic.
andy:  this is not a picnic, phyllis, its a garden party.
darryl:  theres a grill in the warehouse i could bring.
andy:  aw, ew, please dont. not a barbecue. its better than a barbecue. its dignified, quieter, there are rules.
pam:  how is that better than a barbecue?
ryan:  whats the dress code on this?
andy:  im glad you asked – connecticut casual.
stanley:  any chance connecticut casual is pennsylvania business, i.e. this is what im wearing to your party.
andy:  guys, my family just threw a garden party to celebrate my brothers promotion. it was a huge success. check it out, theres a video online. heartwarming impromptu father-son duet.
kevin:  yeah, oscar, you showed me this.
darryl:  ive seen this, thats not you.
meredith:  yeah, whoa, whos the sausage?
andy:  its my dad and my brother. i would have joined in but this melody doesnt really support another harmony part, so… check it out, thats my brothers boss. look how psyched he is, hes having an awesome time.
jim:  ah, and did robert california get an invite to your party?
andy:  yeah, of course. ye… i mean, uh, yeah, i think he did. 
phyllis:  why didnt you just say this was to impress robert california?
gabe:  i cannot believe that andy is throwing a party like this just to impress the ceo. classic gabe move. hey andy, how about you dont steal my business strategies, and i wont dress like my life is just one long brunch?
andy:  see you all there at 3 p.m., connecticut casual, remember your manners, and have a wonderful time.
dwight:  and please refer to the map, stay off of the web. thank you.
jim:   so, weve typed in the address, now lets take a look at the street view. 
dwight:  they dont warn you when the cameras are driving by.
jim:  ah. why do you keep reading that garden party book? i mean, how hard are finger sandwiches and tea?
dwight:  theres so much more to it than that.
dwight:  ive been wanting schrute farms to break into the high-end event hosting industry for some time, and this party is a great opportunity. plus, ive got a secret weapon.  only one copy in the world and some sucker on the internet sold it to me for two dollars. 
jim:  im actually really disappointed in how poorly my book is doing.  ive only sold one copy.
angela:  is there anything you wish you had done differently to avoid cankles?
pam:  nope.
angela:  ive already gone up another cup size.the senator is grossed out. when do you start feeling it kick?
pam:  cece was around 22 weeks, but phillip was much earlier.
angela:  phillip?
pam:  oh, oh my gosh. yes, but dont, dont say anything, okay? its after my grandfather.
angela:  phillip is the name that were using. its after my favorite cat.
pam:   oh, wow. funny. its after my grandfather.
angela:  its after my cat.
robert:   andrew, ive picked up two possible gifts to bring this afternoon. one, a pot of marmalade.
andy:  ooh, that sounds great.
robert:  well, that, that is what you want then, the marmalade.
andy:  sure.
robert:  you dont want to hear the other one. you love marmalade.
andy:  uh, ill hear the other one.
robert:  its a basil plant.
andy:  you know, the marmalade sounds great.
robert:  i also mentioned the marmalade to my sister and shes very interested.
andy:  then the basil will be fine.
robert:  well, you clearly want the marmalade. gretchen, i need another marmalade. alright. 
toby:  hey, where do i park?
mose:  im the valet. you have to give me your car.
toby:  uh, you know what, i can go park it myself.
mose:  im the… im the valet. you have to give me your car.
toby:  its probably okay…
mose:  give me your car.
toby:  i think its better that i…
mose:  give me your car.
toby:  its a finicky car…
mose:  get out. have a good time at the thing.
toby:  its a little tricky, you might have to… take… 
dwight:  mr. ryan howard!
jim:  chapter 2 – announcing guests as they enter is the height of decorum. the more volume displayed, the more honor is bestowed upon everyone present.
dwight:  stanley hudson and his mistress cynthia! james, pamela, and peepee halpert!
andy:  hows it going over here, guys?
oscar:  andy, stop hovering, youre being really annoying.
andy:  didnt mean to bother you, mabel. mabel, mabel, if youre able, keep your elbows off the table.
oscar:  wow.
dwight:  mr. and mrs. walter and ellen bernard!
walter:  so, you all work with andy.
andy:  well, technically for andy.
oscar:  technically for robert california. hes our ceo.
ellen:  i thought you were the ceo.
andy:  i dont know how you got there.
walter:  you said you were running the company.
andy:  this branch, im the regional manager.
walter:  yes, that makes more sense. are you all regional managers?
andy:  did i throw this party to impress my parents? thats crazy. now, if they wanted a garden party, they could throw one themselves, which, as a matter of fact, they did, last week. they threw one for my baby brother who is totally amazing, but i couldnt care less.
andy:  can i introduce you around now?
walter:  uh, yeah, we dont have too long, we have theater tickets.
andy:  what are you going to see?
walter:  money ball. walter jr.s choice.
andy:  what??
walter jr:  hey bronard!
andy:  i didnt know you were going to be here.
walter jr:  i wouldnt have missed it.
erin:  ahh! 
walter jr:  im walter, andys younger brother.
jim:  oh, hey, how are you doing, im jim.
walter jr:  tuna, right? and this must be your lovely wife pam .
jim:  no.
meredith:  hell no. she wishes.
jim:  no, no, no, no, no. no.
waiter:  sir, i need to be able to feed all the guests.
kevin:   i understand.
dwight:  set that down.  present yourself.
jim:  chapter 4 – one of the hosts most important duties is as dance master. a proper courtly dance sets the tone for the entire afternoon.
dwight:  ladies and gentlemen, may i present, robert california!
robert:  hello andy.
andy:  welcome.
robert:  thank you.
andy:  hey, i want you to meet my first bosses, mom and dad.
robert:  yes, hello, nice to meet you.
walter:  pleasure.
robert:  andy, where shall i put your basil plant?
andy:  oh, i thought you were going to bring marmalade.
robert:  no, im certain you said basil.
ryan:  this is not funny, man, let me down.
kevin:  i think this thing is broken.
ryan:  its not broken, kevin. this is how it works.
andy:  so pretty today.
ellen:  its getting chilly.
walter:  we really should be leaving.
andy:  yeah, um, it would be weird if the boss man didnt make a toast, so, hang on. everybody, i just want to take this opportunity to thank you all for coming, and to raise a glass to my amazing staff.
andy:  toasts are great. i mean, you toast somebody, they toast you back. it just goes round and round. thats my favorite part about toasts, the reciprocity.
andy:  lets hear from you guys, who do you want to toast?
darryl:  yeah, ill say something. i think we should be acknowledging our boss, because none of us would be here without him. robert california! 
gabe:  i cant believe i didnt think of toasting robert. get in the game, gabriel! why are you talking to stanleys mistress?
angela:  i would like to toast someone who isnt here but who will be in just four short months. welcome to the world, phillip lipton!
pam:  i also would like to toast phillip halpert, who is due even sooner. may he be a good namesake to my grandfather who i promised as a child long before tonight that i would one day name my son after him. to phillip halpert!
angela:  she just always has to copy anything i do! its the ford taurus situation all over again!
ryan:  id like to make a toast to the troops.all the troops.both sides.
erin:  i think we should toast…
dwight:  ladies and gentlemen! the last supper.
jim:  chapter 9 – the tableau vivant is not only welcomed, but expected entertainment at any garden party.
kevin:  andy? i think we should acknowledge the man who has led us to such a profitable quarter. to robert california.
gabe:  i would also like to toast robert california. mr. california,…
andy:  you cant triple toast somebody! at least not until we get everyone once.
robert:  ill say a few words if thats alright with you, andy.
andy:  yeah, yeah.
robert:  you people say i led you, but it wasnt me. you want to toast the man who led you to success, but the boss is irrelevant. andy and i, we produce nothing. we do nothing. we sit in our offices and demand, i want this and that right now, like petulant children. you know, the difference between a crying baby and a manager, one day the baby will grow up. but, without you, andy and i would be sitting in our dirty diapers, waiting for someone to change us, wipe us.i should be toasting you, thanking you, for allowing me to have the easiest job in the universe. cheers.
gabe:  to robert california, from the moment you entered our building and our hearts, you…
andy:  some of you know that we have an internet star in our midst. mr. walter baynes bernard sr., please report to the stage!
walter:  im eating, andy.
andy:  ah, come on!
walter:  okay. okay.
andy:  yes!
walter:  what do you want to do?
andy:  well, how about one of our classic father/son duets? 
walter:  oh, whoa, sure? really? its a little tricky.
andy:   saying i love you is not the words…
walter:  its too high.
andy:  yeah?
walter:  its high but its not that high.
andy:  right, it feels strange.
walter:  just take it down a little.
andy:  saying i love… saying i love you…
walter:  here, give it to me. okay. uh, something like…  saying i love you is…
walter:  you dont come in yet.  …i want to hear from you, its not that i want you…
andy:  is anyone filming this? seriously! erin!
erin:   its either taping or calling.
walter:  you know what, walter jr. is here. why dont you come up and join us?
walter jr:  dad, no. im just having a good time getting to know andys friends here.
meredith:  get up there and sing or i will cut your larynx and youll never be able to sing again. woo!
andy:   cheers! alright! cheers, cheers, cheers, get your own guitar.
erin:  sorry.
kelly:  i am so cold.
ryan:  thats because you didnt bring a jacket.
dwight:  my first love is beet farming, but its a young mans game. who ever heard of an old beet farmer?
robert:  forget the beets. concentrate on the hosting. i could spend a considerable amount of money having my birthday party here.
dwight:  oh really? well, we have a number of birthday packages. the pewter package has the least amount of goats, not no goats, its still 10-12 goats, depending on the availability of the goats. now the goat package obviously has the most goats. what were you thinking?
robert:  of course i am not interested in goats. why would you spend so much time going over the goats with me?
dwight:  i can get you exotic meats – hippo steaks, giraffe burgers…
robert:  well talk. 
dwight:  itll all be goat.
andy:  hello, cece halpert? this is andrew bernard. id very much like to speak with you about your paper supply needs. that wasnt even my worst sales call.
walter:   hi. what was that display?
andy:  i dont know, i just thought if i could throw this great garden party and show you how respected i am that youd be proud of me.
walter:  andrew…
andy:  i know, i know that youre proud of me.
walter:  im not going to tell you how impressed i am that youre a manager of some rinky dink branch of a paper company in scranton, pennsylvania. how long are you going to go on needing my approval? youre a grown man, dont act like a little boy who needs…
darryl:  i think if i had parents like that id be trying to convince everyone all the time how great i was, too.
oscar:  guess we found andys rosebud.
darryl:  rosebud?
oscar:  its a reference to citizen kane. something that explains why a person became the way they are.
darryl:  i know citizen kane. rosebud didnt explain why he was how he was, it just represented what was important to him as a child, that he missed.
oscar:  different school of thought. lets just agree to disagree.
darryl:  no. youre wrong.
robert:  are you sure?
ryan:  yeah! im too hot anyway.
robert:  my body has somehow become acclimated to southern italy. isnt that strange? ive never been there! oh, ah, yes, thats nice. thank you.
walter:  it was a nice party, the setting was a little strange. uh, the food…
ellen:  sandwiches were dry.
walter jr:  bye tuna, bye pam!
andy:  hey everybody, im gonna leave and i just wanted to say im really sorry.
darryl:  cheeseburger or hamburger.
andy:  um, cheeseburger.
oscar:  narddog. 
andy:  thanks, oscar.
pam:  what are they doing?
jim:  closing ceremonies.
pam:  nice touch.
jim:  i think i left my wallet in your house.
dwight:  who cares.
jim:  right here.
dwight:  mr. james halpert!
jim:  keys, keys…
dwight:  stop forgetting things.
jim:  i didnt forget them, theyre right here.
dwight:  mr. james halpert!
jim:  im so sorry, i think i forgot that thing…
dwight:  what? idiot.
jim:  whoo.
dwight:  mis… mi… what are you doing?
jim:  hey, i have a question. who do you think is really the best salesman in this office?
dwight:  thats a stupid question, obviously mister james halpert!
oscar:  i cannot believe how condescending andys being.
darryl:  he gets condescending when hes nervous. or when hes excited or sleepy. not an easy person to be friends with.
meredith:  well i just hate being treated like some bum with no class. im a lady. im a mother. im a former boxer!
andy:  hey guys, getting psyched for the party? ryan? can i count on you to wear an understated satirical outfit?
ryan:  cant wait. a folk colonialist gathering when unemployments at 9%. i wouldnt miss it for the world.
andy:  awesome.
dwight:  erin….the receptionist!
andy:  oh, oh, oh, kevin. i am reminded of a lame but useful saying i learned as a kid. what is the difference between hors doeuvres and the animals on noahs ark?
kevin:  what?
andy:  with hors doeuvres we only take one at a time.
kevin:  oh, ok. whats the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a blonde?
jim:  chapter seven: the host should always present something spectacular to draw the eye of his guests.
dwight:  when all this is over, id like to actually go to one of trickingtons parties, they sound like a blast.
dwight:  ladies and gentlemen! i present to you…the alamo! 
angela:  little cici asleep?
pam:  yeah, she just went down.
angela:  such a precious little angel.
pam:  aww.
angela:  cecilia….and phillip.
pam:  yes, after my grandfather.
angela:  phillip is wasted on you. jim is never gonna take the time to call him phillip! he doesnt even take the time to get a haircut. and phil! ugh! its just something you do to a hole!
pam:  well im having my baby first, so thats that.
angela:  you know what? it could go either way. my doctor said my hips are so dainty that ill most definitely have a c-section, so i could go early.
pam:  you think your doctors going to give you a c-section at six months?
angela:  yeah! if i request it he will. and that is that.
andy:  my parents are used to a certain type of class. the people that i work with are a different type of class. one is not better than the other, its just that maybe ones a little higher than the other
