andy:   approved!
andy:   chef from south park, its genius!
stanley:  just some chef.
andy:  ive decided to pre-screen all the halloween costumes this year. i have three simple rules – dont be offensive, dont be cliche, and dont take the first two rules too seriously.
kevin:  the gorilla from rise of the planet of the apes? huh? the one who sacrifices his life.
andy:  whoa! aw, spoiler alert.
kevin:  its been out for ages, man.
andy:  costume vetoed.
andy:  ah, its, uh… somebodys already called that.
phyllis:  who?
andy:  kevin has a gorilla suit you could borrow.
kelly:  this is ridiculous! why cant there just be two kate middletons?
andy:  guys, i know, i mean, i wish there could be, too. its like, i cant choose. theyre both amazing. its just…
kelly:  look, i stayed up all night and i watched that gd wedding, and then i came to work and i made everyone else watch it all day. meredith wasnt even here.
meredith:  because i was there.  your the peoples princess! diana was nothing!
andy:  i thought you were at your sisters funeral.
meredith:  what i said was, “my sisters funeral is this weekend.” didnt say id be there.
meredith:  why is it such a shock that i follow the royal story? warms my heart, thinking about them two kids, doing it.
andy:  um, can i, maybe, squeeze through?
erin:  here you go.
andy:  there you go. thank you.
erin:  when they talk about all the nice things about dating a coworker, they dont mention one of the best parts. after youre done dating, you still get to work together, every single day.
kevin:  jim, put it on.
darryl:  put it on, man.
jim:  i dont know if i can.
kevin:  come on, the three amigos.
darryl:  three kings.
jim:  alright.
jim:  i know, i know, i know. but darryl and kevin needed a third. they bought me this jersey. i said no. kevin started crying. so, i am chris bosh.
ryan:   if you get into season 1, you can really…
kelly:   oh my god, what the hell is wrong with you?
dwight:  its called a costume.
kelly:  what are you, some kind of jamaican zombie woman?
dwight:  ryan, will you please tell her who i am?
ryan:  whoopi goldberg.
dwight:  has no one here heard of kerrigan, from starcraft? queen of blades? its all tobys fault.
toby:  every halloween i tell him the same thing – you cant bring weapons into the office, and every year he says the same thing – as soon as i get my weapons back im gonna kill you. but there i am at thanksgiving, alive, you know. im a lucky turkey.
andy:  everybody looking good, this is, this is the best we can do? im not judging, i, i think you guys look great, i just… wanna make sure this is the best we can do?
andy:  i just got a text from broccoli rob – “boo!” scared me. and then i got this text from robert california – “looking forward to halloween party. expectations are high.” scared the s**t out of me.
andy:  gday, pameroo. could you shoot this off for me?
pam:  yeah.
andy:  australian accent…
pam:   what are you doing?
erin:  oh, i just wanted to see how you do it, if youre doing something i dont.
pam:  oh.  are you…
erin:  that andy, so hot and cold. one day hes like, fax these documents, please. the next hes like, pam, you fax them, who cares what erins feeling, right?
pam:  oh, erin…
erin:  pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3?
pam:  um, 2?
erin:  thats like, the second to last thing i wanted to hear.
pam:  no, i mean, youre doing great, and andy put you in charge of the whole party, right?
erin:  yeah…
pam:  yeah.
erin:  send completed. you are the best in the biz, i cant deny.
phyllis:  bob and i are doing this scranton haunted walking tour.
oscar:  i always wondered what kind of people went on that thing.
pam:  oh, hey, if you go by the banshee pub, tell the man in black i say hello.
oscar:   what happened, pam?
pam:  okay. when i was 22, i worked there and everybody said the place was haunted. i didnt believe it until one day before we opened, i look up into the mirror, you know, behind the bar, and i see this old man dressed all in black, but when i turn around, theres no one there. so, i tell the cook my story…
phyllis:  wait, they have food there?
pam:  …and he said, thats what everyone sees, thats the man in black.
jim:  no! my wife does not believe in ghosts.
jim:  hey.
pam:  hey!
jim:  oh, this man in black thing, what do you think that was about?
pam:  what do you mean?
jim:  was it, like, trickery in the lights, or maybe you were so primed to see it, then there it was?
pam:  i saw a ghost.
jim:  mmhmm. no, but what im saying is, like, do you ever wonder what it was?
pam:  it was a ghost, i told you this on, like, our first date.
jim:  yeah, i had just told you about the day that i met the blue angels. i figured you had to top it.
pam:  i dont know what to tell you, jim, but i saw a ghost.
andy:  hey! uh-oh, looks like were under a jack attack!
robert:  yes, andrew. and you, on this day of fantasy, are a laborer.
andy:  yes.
robert:  everyone, this bert, my son. bert, this is… a paper company.
bert:  hello. can i use a computer? i need to check a hurricane.
robert:  here, use this one. 
robert:  oh, look, pin the wart on the wench. how did you know i was bringing my son?
erin:  oh, i didnt. it was for us, but he can play. bertie-boy, would you like to play this game?
bert:  that stuffs for babies.
robert:  well, perhaps this party will awaken the baby in all of us.
andy:  wow, who shot our grown-up party with a kiddie raygun? were still getting it set up, its gonna be really cool.
robert:   extraordinary. did you plan this?
kelly:  well, toby and i did, yeah.
gabe:  and i overheard, and thought, hey, thatd be fun, dont mind if i do.
toby:  if you turn out the lights well do a little dance.
kelly:  1, 2, 3!
gabe/kelly/toby:   dem bones, dem bones, dem tired bones, now were the skeleton crew.
robert:   delightful.
kelly:  thank you. 
robert:  now then, how are we today?
kelly:  fine.
toby:  great.
robert:  just fine, kelly? everything alright?
kelly:  mmhmm.
robert:  you feeling fulfilled in your life?
kelly:  i guess.
robert:  you guess? so, there is something you want that you do not have.
kelly:  i try not to think about it.
robert:  because its too terrifying to imagine. now were cooking. what is it, kelly? what is this great fear of yours?
kelly:  never marrying.
robert:  yes. dying alone, that is very scary. and how are you, toby?
toby:  so great.
erin:  oh, i put those up.
angela:  i know. im taking them down.
phyllis:  i almost wonder if putting nothing on this wall is more halloween-y.
erin:  i dont know about this, guys, andy put me in charge of the halloween party, so…
angela:  well, andy sent us in here, so which is it?
erin:  oh.
angela:  so, can we speak our minds now, or are we still sparing feelings, because i hate all of this.
bert:  very low pressure in the sargasso sea, warm air from south america, cold air from greenland. all signs point to the perfect storm.
dwight:  yeah, perfectly mediocre.
bert:  what are you, anyway?
dwight:  im a jamaican zombie woman, leave me alone, ghoul.
bert:  if you had some really big wings with blades on the end, youd kind of look like kerrigan from starcraft.
dwight:  damnit. i am kerrigan from starcraft! ive been censored.
bert:  if youre going to be a zerg, at least be a lurker, not some girl.
dwight:  kerrigan is ruler of the zerg swarm!
bert:  yeah, she also has boobs.
dwight:  yeah, but no nipples.
erin:  hey.
andy:  hey. whats up?
erin:  novembers sure creeping up, aint it? cant stop that month!
andy:  yeah…
erin:  hey, whats the jive with angela and phyllis helping with the party, you know?
andy:  um, i just thought you could use some help, you know, because robert came in and thought the party seemed a little kiddie, and i guess i agreed, and maybe we could mix a little more 13 into the pg.
erin:  but thats it? theres nothing about me, or i?
andy:  can we talk about it at the end of the day? i gotta call, gotta make a call.
erin:  oh, yeah, sorry. yes, we can.
andy:   yes.  i dont know. mmhmm.
erin:  gabe?
gabe:  sweetheart.
erin:  im throwing the halloween party and i just want to amp it up a little.i think it could use some extra pizazz.
gabe:  ok where does gabe factor in?
erin:  remember that halloween party you took me to once?the one where i started crying as soon as i walked in and i didnt stop crying?
gabe:  yes.lars and decoccos
erin:  ok.lets say that i wanted this party to be a tiny, tiny bit like that one.just… more adult… more…scary and sexy
gabe:  i will make this sexier than you could ever imagine.
erin:  no – just scary.if we wanted ideas for scary stuff.
gabe:   oh that would be scary!
erin:  what are you thinking?
gabe:  ok let me go get it.
pam:   pam halpert.
jim:  hey its jim halpert.i was wondering if you wanted to see a movie tonight.because ive read a lot about this really great documentary.
pam:  is it called ghostbusters?
jim:   its called ghostbusters.
pam:  it didnt look like that.
jim:  it didnt have a buster sign around him?why dont you draw him?why dont we see this whole thing.
pam:  ok fine ill draw him. 
jim:  i aint fraid of no ghost.  whoa!
pam:  mmhmm.dwight are you eating a stick?
dwight:  its a root you idiot.
bert:  everyone hates you.
dwight:  thats really rude.i dont tell you hurricanes suck even though its true.
bert:  what do you like?tornadoes?
dwight:  try influenza.
bert:  oh yeah?whats the vaccine you can take to avoid a hurricane?
dwight:  open up a newspaper.oh look a hurricanes coming.i suppose youre going to tell me the scariest animal is a shark?
bert:  try a box jelly fish.
jim:  you know thats…
robert:  what are we talking about?
jim:  i was talking about my wife and how she believes in ghosts. and then we had a little debate and meredith said she believes in them too.
robert:   you seem unimpressed.ghosts dont scare you?
kevin:  im only scared of real things like serial killers and kidnappers.not things that dont exist like ghosts or mummies.
oscar:  mummies are real.there are mummies at museums.
kevin:  yeah …prank
robert:  its true.theyve been preserved for thousands of years.theyre all over.
kevin:   why on earth would a museum put a mummy in it?!?
erin:  witchs brew?
erin:  i grew this party up real fast.get out of here little kid party.nobody loves you.and clean up your room!grownups are going to use it later!oooh!
jim:  party looks fun doesnt it?everybody seems to be in there having a great time.so maybe now would be a great time for me to pop back on the computer.
bert:  im using it.im about to play starcraft with him .
jim:   are you serious?
dwight:  yeah im serious.
jim:  thats funny.ok.
dwight:  loser.
bert:  yeah.
angela:  pam do you think anyones going to notice ive worn this costume before?when i wasnt pregnant.you know i bet nobody would believe it still fits.
oscar: hey guys.im an oscar  liar  weiner.
ryan:  oh my god!
darryl:  this partys tight.the fog is cool.
erin: thanks.its on medium.
darryl:  perfect.
andy:  it really looks great.you did a great job.
erin:  oh, so we dont have to have that talk.
andy:  we should still have that talk.maybe you can come by my office at like 4:45?  cool.
erin:   oookayyy everybody.be prepared to be scared.ok. 
gabe:  the cinema of the unsettling is a growing film movement.the most well known film in the genre is an hour long shot of a squirrel with diarrhea.
oscar:   is that my grandmother?
andy:  whats the story?
oscar:  there is no story.
gabe:  yeah it seems like there isnt a narrative. maybe the filmmaker realized that even narrative is comforting.
stanley:  what the hell is going on here?
andy:  i think weve seen enough.you can turn it off now. yeah turn it off now.
stanley:  how did you get in my car?
oscar:  where is this from?that is so upsetting!
andy:  that was awful.robert i apologize.
erin:  im sorry.i got confused.i heard you wanted to make the party more adult.but i think i know what to do now .this game is called “pecker poker”. its the game of cards that gets you hard.
andy:  what we have here is a classic misunderstanding.
robert:  why didnt you simply ask andy to clarify?asking is a very easy thing to do.youre obviously very close. .oh i see.this no longer seems like my business .
erin:  all i know is you wanted to have a talk with me and i got nervous so…
robert:  you were going to talk at the end of the… im not here.
andy:  did you think i was going to fire you?no i wasnt. im sorry this must be really uncomfortable for you.
robert:  im never uncomfortable.
andy:  ok.erin i think you know ive been dating someone.
erin:  sure.
andy:  and its getting a little more serious.shes never come by.
erin:  and shes never called here.unless its your mom.
andy:  no i didnt want her to call because i thought it would be weird.but now its weird that shes not calling.
erin:  two dates? three dates?
andy:  thirty-one.
erin:  wow.im so happy for you guys.um let me know when you get to forty.ill see you guys.
robert:  i should go.
darryl:  i just dont get it, pam. i mean, youre a rational person.
jim:   thank you.
pam:  jim doesnt let me wash his nfl jersey during the playoffs. how is this any less logical?
jim:  careful, whoa. first of all, its not like i think thats going to help the eagles win.
pam:  really.
jim:  no. that is just a bunch of people participating in a collective thing that maybe the eagles will hear about and want to play better. its not…
kevin:  exactly.
jim:  thank you.
dwight:  go, get up there right now.
bert:  got it.
darryl:  dwight?
dwight:  you wanna attack or let them come to us? your call, b.
bert:  unleash the hellstorm.
darryl:  dwight.
dwight:   nice.
darryl:  dwight!
dwight:  got em. go!
phyllis:  is she asian?
erin:  i dont know. shes from somewhere, i bet. maybe from the forest.
phyllis:  forest? did andy say his girlfriends from the forest?
erin:  i dont know, phyllis. maybe shes from the city.
phyllis:  hmm.
robert:  looks terribly real, doesnt it, creed?
creed:  no…
robert:  are you scared of snakes?
creed:  you dont live as long as i have without a healthy fear of snakes, bobby.
darryl:  [in the bathroom with robert[ yeah, i guess sometimes i have nightmares about being buried alive.
meredith:   honestly, jim gives me the creeps.
robert:   what am i up to?
jim:  like, a few years down the road, cece says, “mom, theres a ghost in my closet.” now, you say one of two things – one, “youre just having a bad dream,” or two, “lets go see what it was.”
pam:  im not gonna freak her out, jim.
jim:  ok.
pam:  im not gonna lie to her, either.
jim:  oh, come on!
robert:  when i was a boy, there was an empty house just up the hill from my familys. it was rumored a man committed suicide there after being possessed by the devil. one day, a young woman, lydia, moved into the house with her infant child. that very night, lydia was awakened by a loud, heinous hissing sound.  she walked to the nursery, and there, in babys crib, was a snake wrapped around babys neck, squeezing tighter and tighter.
creed:  oh my goodness.
robert:  the crib was full of dirt. baby struggled to free itself from underneath, reaching and clawing, gasping for air. embalmed bodies rose from their sarcophagi, lurching toward baby, for they were mummies.
kevin:  nooo!
robert:  amongst them was a man, tall, slim.
meredith:  jim. 
robert:  almost instinctively, she turned to her husband. “oh, wait,” she thought, “i dont have a husband.” for lydia and her husband had had an argument, one they couldnt get past. each night, they slept one inch farther apart, until one night, lydia left. it was about this time she lost herself in imaginary worlds. she had quit the book club, the choir, citing something about their high expectations. her lips slowly grew together from disuse. everytime she wanted to act and didnt, another part of her face hardened, until it was stone. and that fevered night, she rushed to the nursery, threw open the door, “baby, are you okay?” baby sat up slowly, turned to mother and said, “im fine, b!tch, im fine.”
bert:  
robert:  fear plays an interesting role in our lives. how dare we let it motivate us. how dare we let it into our decision making, into our livelihoods, into our relationships. its funny, isnt it, we take a day a year to dress up in costume and celebrate fear.
bert:  toby?
toby:  oh, hey, bert. wanna see the dance? dem bones, dem bones, dem dry…
bert:  youre fired.
toby:  …bones. what?
bert:  you heard me. pack your things.
toby:  what… you cant… gabe? are you…
bert:  im the ceos son. pack your things. youre done.
angela:  oh, no.
jim:  pink is the red-
robert:  what are we talking about?
jim:  i was talking about my wife, and how she believes in ghosts. and then we had a little debate. meredith said she believes in them too.
robert:  have you seen a ghost?
meredith:  seen and banged.
oscar:  hmph.
meredith:  ok, i met him in a bar, right? theres something weird about him. he doesnt smell right, the clothes are all tattered and dirty and from another age. anyways, we end up back and my place and we go at it all night-
oscar:  meredith, dont.
robert:  no, no. im very comfortable with all things sexual. continue.
meredith:  i wake up the next morning, all my stuffs gone. whole house turned over. no trace. you tell me what happened.
robert:  have you considered the possibility that you slept with a drifter?
meredith:  he didnt smell like a drifter
bert:  what are you anyway?
dwight:  im a jamaican zombie woman. leave me alone, ghoul.
bert:  im a zombie from walking dead. its a show.
dwight:  uh, i know what it is. ok? i have like a thousand people over every week to watch it. ok? we all kinda hate it though.
bert:  whos your favorite character?
dwight:  the city of atlanta
stanley:  if ghosts are real, how come everyone knows what they look like? its not like a bunch of people got together and agreed on a lie.
pam:  thank you.
oscar:  interesting. every culture holds this true. clearly, theres some sort of real phenomenon out there…
jim:  oscar, how are you on that side?
pam:  this isnt about sides. this is about me seeing a blueish gray old man in the mirror and then he vanishes.
creed:  pam, this is important. was he me? am i him?
pam:  no, creed.
jim:  but that would make more sense.
