andy:   hey everybody its closing time. you dont got to go home but you cant stay here. 
erin:  
andy:  closing time.
andy:  every office needs an end of the day tradition. something to tell you the day is over.otherwise, you go home and the night just feels like more day.its weird.
andy:  closing time
jim:   …w r k.
andy:  one last call for alcohol so finish your whiskey and beer.
jim:  uh no its w r k, as in kitten.oh my boss is singing closing time, maybe thats what you are hearing.
andy:  come on pam!
andy/pam:   closing time, time for you to go home to the places you will be from.
pam:  lets see. andy has been manager for a hundred and five days. which means ive heard ‘closing time a hundred and five times.  still dont know the words. tah wa ta way hm hm home and home and home.
andy:  i know who i want to take me home. i know who i want to take me home.  i know who i want to take me home.  take me hooo…hooome! you know what fine! i try to start fun traditions for you guys, but if you dont want to sing… no traditions!
stanley:   closing time every new beginning…
stanley:  ive never heard that song before. and once i heard it, i did not care for it, but that song means its time to go home. now…its my favorite song.
andy/stanley:   every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end.
stanley:  goodnight.
andy:  whose your favorite iron chef?
robert:   this is atrocious.
andy:  you go first.
robert:  the ticketing software paints a picture of a sloppy, careless, error prone office.
andy:  well the monitoring software is a double edged sword. sometimes…
dwight:   sorry, go ahead.
robert:   did you need something from us?
dwight:  wha…yes. your attention. uh because… no that is all. 
dwight:  last night i dreamed that the number two was the most valued number in the world. the vice president had all the power. athletes fought for silver medals. women were considered the best gender. and stadiums of fans shouted “were number two!. as with all my dreams, im guessing it was about my fear of immigrants.
robert:  last week an accounting mistake resulted in a client getting their order for free.
andy:  umpf…thats not good. chalk that one up to tweedle dee and tweedle dumb out there.
robert:  who are they?
andy:  theyre both kevin. oscar is the sex and the city gang and angela, if you can picture…
robert:  andrew sometimes i feel like you dont know me at all.
andy:  i would agree with that.
robert:  simply…end the mistakes
andy:  end the mistakes, easy-
robert:  when i come back next week and this report shows me no mistakes, we can talk about names, all day. our favorite names, silly made up names, normal names said in a silly voice. wouldnt that be nice?
andy:  i would like that.
robert:  end the mistakes. that is all i ask.  and you cant have a favorite iron chef. it depends entirely on the secret ingredient. sometimes i feel you dont know food at all.
jim:  im just saying with the nba lockout i think roller derbys in a really good place now. so…my pitch is…me, pam, you and, someone else maybe justine.
darryl:  nahh!  no. not justine. never justine.
jim:  is that off again?
darryl:  oh yeah.
jim:  ok.
val:  hey, mandatory warehouse safety meeting. today.
darryl:  ahh…we dont really do those. we just sign the thing.
val:  are you really this lazy?
darryl:  ill be there.
gabe:  hey.
val:  hey.
gabe:  mondays suck.
val:  yeaha…yup.  just trying to get in.
dwight:  i may have a little solution to our mistakes problem. this is a project ive been working on for quite some time and today, might be the day to use it.
andy:  what do you got?
dwight:   allow me. youre going to love this.  ugh…shouldve used a shorter string. never mind, i know it by heart. it is a system that holds people accountable for everyone elses work.
andy:  sounds controversial.
dwight:  have i not been worthy of your trust? have i not been a reliable number two?
andy:  do not go there! youre the deuce i never want to drop.
dwight:  well, i can make this work. ill set it up right now. just need your go ahead.
andy:  go do the voodoo that you do so well.
dwight:  i will do my voodoo.
andy:  mmhmmm.
gabe:  hey. i need you to get the paperwork rolling on a new workplace relationship.
toby:  for you?
gabe:  yes. for gabe.
toby:  who are you seeing? thats gr…
gabe:  whom im seeing is val from down in the warehouse.
toby:  oh.
gabe:  im not technically seeing her, but uh ive seen her, with the eyes and uh there was attraction. in at least one direction. so..
toby:  you know i dont have to do the paperwork unless youre actually dating.
gabe:  ok, but once this starts, its going to be moving fast. its going to be hot and heavy and i dont want a bunch of bureaucratic red tape wrapped around my jock. you know?
toby:  but i mean…uh have you talked to her? is sh…
gabe:  yeah we had a whole conversation about mondays…
toby:  do you know her last name, yet?
gabe:  toby im going to tell you her last name tomorrow because shes going to be screaming it tonight.
toby:  shes going to be screaming her own last name?
gabe:  hey! watch it.
toby:  good luck gabe.
andy:  hi guys. i just wanted to say that, you all have been doing amazing work., really.
kevin:  thank you.
andy:  and id like to add that your work has been a little sloppy. so, dwight and i have implemented a new program that we like to call…dwight…
dwight:  the accountability booster. it registers every time a mistake has been made in the office. from a late delivery to an accounting error. five strikes in a day equals a home run. one home run and youre out.
andy:  if we as a group make five mistakes in a day, something bad happens like we block minesweeper.
dwight:  or in this case an email gets sent to robert california containing the consultants report from last year. remember the one that recommended the branch be shutdown? and as a fail-safe also every negative email youve ever written about him to the group will also be forwarded to him.
kelly:  what emails are you talking about?
dwight:  roberts favorite songs: creep by tlc, creep by radio head. you remember that one jim? there is no way he hasnt strangled at least one stripper. oscar. he eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him. kelly.
kelly:  thats not that bad actually.
dwight:  p.s. we should should kill him.
jim:  wait, so you installed a doomsday device?
dwight:  no, its an accountability booster.
jim:  which when it goes off it destroys everything. very similar to a doomsday device.
dwight:  jim, youre trying to make me sound like some kind of evil maniac. now the point is that we are now working in an environment where we have accountability to each other. i am confident that you guys are equal to the task.
kelly:  um, no were not and you are a psycho who is ruining our lives.
ryan:  we cant do this dwight.
dwight:  smile…nod. smile and nod.
dwight:  they are making me out to be a bond villian. i like to think of myself as a brilliant scientist who will stop at nothing to remake the world. like…not doctor moreau someone good. doctor frankenstein, doctor jekyll, not them. doctor…
andy:  are you sure this is a good idea? i mean the thing about this office is, we make a lot of mistakes.
dwight:  but the device will change that. without a safety net, people will improve.
andy:  alright everybody, looks like we need to be getting to work. be extra careful. double check everything or the accountability booster will getcha.
stanley:  this doomsdays device sounds like a scare tactic to me.
oscar:  theres an easy way to tell if this device is a sham. we just make a mistake. ill send an order down to shipping before weve received payment.
dwight:   oh, theres one mistake.
erin:  now we only have four strikes left until a home run.
andy:  dwights our co-worker and he worked really hard on this doomsday device so i…
dwight:  its not a doomsday device, gosh.  we can do this you guys.
warehouse crew:  first. second.
darryl:  its not a race.
warehouse crew:  thirrrr….third.
darryl:  who knows what the belt is for?
gabe:  its for protecting my ass. when you suckers lift more than you can handle. sup, im gabe. corporate. continue. dont be nervous.
darryl:  apparently we have a visitor. gabe, everyone.
warehouse crew:  hi, gabe.
darryl:  all right so the support belt. now this one is mine. doesnt get much use nowadays.
gabe:  look at this, this is enormous.
gabe:  i get the sense that val enjoys a good putdown. considering thats the only thing i know about her. i will be milking that hard. 
gabe:  its like a hula hoop. right. mele kalikimaka is the wise way.
darryl:  you done?
gabe:  the michelin man called, he wants his cummerbund back.
phyllis:  remember we have to give rigo escrow their refund by five.
kevin:  im on it.
angela:  kevin, maybe i should handle that. we really need you to focus on your project.
kevin:  good thinking.
kevin:  apparently a big client for this company, needs to know the story of how paper gets made.
angela:  oscar, use a calculator. 
oscar:  when the stakes are this high, there is only one computer that i trust. and its powered by thai food and spanish reds. 
andy:  alright everybody, you are doing great!
dwight:  well, i wouldnt say that. three mistakes already is pretty terrible, but i do see improvement. meredith kept someone on hold for thirty minutes and now look shes hard at work. 
jim:  dwight, question.
dwight:  no questions.
jim:  if this doomsday device goes off…
dwight:  accountability booster.
jim:  if this bad idea goes off and we all lose our jobs. are you going to feel good about that?
dwight:  i havent even considered it. thats how sure i am that this accountability booster is going to work.
stanley:  try mose1234.
ryan:  dwight would never be that obvious. try something like…z64$8.  not that exactly jim, something like that.
jim:  ok.
dwight:  how about scrantonstrangler666.
jim:  nope.
dwight:  no. oh shoot. ha ha ha…you guys are never gonna shut down the machine, ok? but i appreciate your energy and your team work. if you applied this to your regular work, you wont even notice that the device is there, watching you ready to strike.
kelly:  wha…whats dwights mothers name.
jim:  hmm…heda.  no.
darryl:  once you read the packet, sign the back.
gabe:  hey darryl, i was thinking, uh, maybe while we read through this, uh, you could grab us all some coffee. my treat. its a hundred dollar bill. should cover it i think. dont bring me any of that caramel soy latte crap, ok? i want a decaf frappuccino. val…
darryl:  actually, val, why dont you come with? ill need the extra hands to carry them back.
val:  yeah, sure.
gabe:  uh.
darryl:  mmhmm.  caramel soy latte.
gabe:  decaf frap-
darryl:  got it.
angela:  you sent the late notice to ryan heart &amp; wolf. right?
oscar:  mhm. six-forty, six-twenty.
angela:  six-seventy, six-twenty.
oscar:  nuh uh.
angela:  yes!
oscar:  five eighty-eight plus fifteen percent- oh no.
kevin:  what does this mean? what does it mean!
oscar:  andy. 
angela:  ohhhh!
andy:  gahhh. thats five strikes.
stanley:   well…i was saving this for my retirement, which i guess is today.
andy:  dwight we got five strikes.
dwight:  really?
andy:  did the email go out or…
dwight:  it goes out automatically at five p.m.
andy:  well, th- theres gotta be a way to stop it.
dwight:  well, i would have to enter my password in order to cancel it.
andy:  ok! dwight you may now enter your password.
dwight:  no.
andy:  what?!
dwight:  you dont deserve to have this branch. five mistakes in less than a day.
phyllis:  we did our best.
dwight:  no you didnt, phyllis. you complained the whole time. you yelled at me. you tried to break into the machine.  what?!
erin:  youre a real crumb bum, you know that?
dwight:  hey, you cant just change the rules because you dont like the outcome. what about you, kevin? what about you and your fake task? can you tell me now where paper comes from?
kevin:  uh, the man tree puts its penis-
dwight:  ha. ok, alright. andy back me up here, please.
andy:  nn no.
dwight:  what?
andy:  no!
oscar:  dwight be human for once. shut down the machine.
kelly:  shut it down! shut it down! shut down the machine!!!  shut it down! shut it down!
dwight:  good luck finding a new job idiots. ill make sure to write you a glowing reference. glowingly negative.
erin:  dwights car is gone.
pam:  i bet he went home.
andy:  some of us should go there and talk some sense into him. get him to stop that email.
andy:  pam, you should come with me. dwight really likes you and your breasts are enormous that could help us.
kevin:  yeah.
andy:  kevin has that lovability.
kevin:  guys come on. im right here.
andy:  jim, i want you to go find robert just be where he is in case that email goes out at five. you can try to delete it or something.
jim:  ok, where is he?
erin:  uh, hes at some club where you either eat squash or play squash.
jim:  ill try both.
dwight:   oh. come to reason with me?
andy:  gotcha something.  and, uh, i just really want to talk to you-
dwight:  get lost.
andy:  well now hold on it, it-
pam:  what are you doing?
dwight:  what does it look like im doing? digging a grave for a horse.
pam:  uhm.
erin:  do you need a hand?
pam:  yeah, do you need a hand? 
dwight:  if you hit another horse, youve dug to far.
robert:  ill see you next week will. 
jim:  robert.
robert:  jim what are you…what a surprise.
jim:  yeah, well, you know just had a meeting. squash meeting.
robert:  yeah.
jim:  you up for a game?
robert:  a game or a match?
jim:  exactly. here we go. lets do it.
pam:  are you okay, kevin? 
andy:   where you going?
dwight:  in. im hungry.
pam:  uh, could we come in too? just for some water.
dwight:  okay. take off your shoes. except you kevin, they stay on.
pam:  oh, wow. i forgot how pretty your house is.
dwight:  this is the new addition, built my erasmus schrute in 1808. it doubled as a tuberculosis recovery room until 2009.
val:  thats too much doodle and not enough lab.
darryl:  yeah, when are they gonna do a labradoodle thats just lab?
val:  thats what im sayin.
gabe:   hey. youre welcome.
val:  thanks for the coffee.
gabe:  so, tonight i was thinking, im gonna go to the cemetery. im gonna drink a little wine and i thought maybe youd like to come with me.
val:  are you asking me on a date?
gabe:  yes, i am.
val:  because i dont date coworkers. its not personal, its a matter of policy.
gabe:  i could quit. problem solved.
val:  dont quit. 
darryl:  good policy. sensible. smart.
jim:  alright. serving. serving. serving. serving.
robert:  in the box.
jim:  in the box. 
oscar:  why havent we heard anything? its 4:45. theres only 15 minutes left.
angela:  oh, now you can do math? where were you 2 hours ago ‘a beautiful mind-
oscar:  i made a mistake. im sorry.
stanley:  i know how to save the company, everyone. just write a petition, get everyones signature, including our clients, march down to florida, and shove it up your butt! ha! 
oscar:  its not that funny.
erin:   oh, pam. you got something on your shirt.
pam:  oh, haha. oh well. pobodys nerfect, right?
dwight:  did you just have a stroke, pam? its “nobodys perfect.” nice stroke, pam.
pam:  no. its a jokey saying. pobodys nerfect, like i cant even say those words right. ha.
dwight:  i hadnt heard that before, thats, thats funny.
andy:  dwight, theres just a small matter of a-
pam:  you know what would go so great with this cabbage pie? milk.
dwight:  any specific animal?
pam:  im thinking cow-
dwight:  dont say cow- ugh.
andy:  what are you doing? its 5 to 5.
pam:  just dont talk about the email, okay? hes gonna cancel it on his own, i really think he will.
andy:  thats insane!
pam:  just trust me.
andy:  trust you, like i trusted dwight this morning.
pam:  i got this.
andy:  enngh-
pam:  hahhh, thanks for everything.
dwight:  sive drafely. 
kevin:  isnt it supposed to be, “drive safely”?
jim:   is that my phone?
robert:  sounded like mine.
jim:  nah, i think its mine. lemme just check real quick, here. alright.
robert:  well, its mine. you took it out of my bag.
jim:  oh, oh yeah.
robert:  can i have it?
jim:  yes. right now? yes.
robert:  yep.
jim:  here you go. 
robert:  whoa, no, wait, wait, wait, whoa. 
robert:   ha, jesus.
jim:  awww, sorry. did it break?
robert:  nah, its good.
jim:  you sure?
robert:  yeah.
jim:  what kinda iphone is that?
robert:  its the standard one. the one everyone has.
jim:  oh yeah. i have the one that nobody has. is there anything interesting?
robert:  it depends jim. do you find one-day only jet blue sales to buffalo interesting?
jim:  ha ha. no, i dont. no, i dont. alright, well, i am sore and obviously horrible at this, so- 
robert:  my serve!
pam:   dwight stopped the device!
andy:  oh!
kevin:  yes!
erin:  haho!
oscar:   he stopped it!
ryan:  oh!  we still have our jobs.
dwight:  theyre not my favorite people in the world. i wouldnt even call them friends. they come over here, eat my pie, dig the crappiest horse grave youve ever seen.  god, im gonna have to work with them forever, arent i?
robert:  take it easy. nice and easy.
jim:   ah! classic, right? 
robert:  oo!
jim:  im alright.
robert:  you alright?
jim:  yep.
robert:  skinned knee.
jim:  yep. ah. oh. 
robert:  oo, a little ice on that maybe.
jim:  yeah. that does not feel good.
robert:  okay. my serve.
andy:  lets not make any mistakes today. or at least no more than four.
stanley:  this doomsday device sounds like a scare tactic to me. y2k all over again.
stanley:  oh, i was all about the y2k bug. paid some guy to update my pc, threw out my microwave, canceled my plane ticket, sold all my stocks, spent new years eve with a gas mask on my face. i was even wearing a diaper! someone said y2k would get the toilets.
pam:  this could be real. dwights pretty handy with computers. he fixed my laptop once.
jim:  ok, he didnt fix it. the brightness level was all the way down.
pam:  you couldnt fix it.
jim:  i wasnt here that day.
pam:  yes you were.
jim:  no- ok. well, well talk about it later. straussburg! i had a meeting in straussburg and i dropped you off beforehand. i was wearing a tan shirt with stripes?
pam:  i dont think so, babe.
jim:  ok, this is crazy
jim:  i have never played squash. but i have seen it in countless 80s movies and it seems like the most common mistake is that you serve too hard and hit yourself right in the squash balls. so, as long as i dont do that, i think ill be alright.
robert:  eleven love. i win again.
jim:   good game. you are a worthy opponent. you wanna play one more?
robert:  i dont think so.
jim:  no? come on.
robert:  why? not only are you terrible at squash, but you dont even seem to enjoy it. jim, this is not enough of a challenge for me.
jim:  well, that is… because you didnt realize that… i was left-handed
darryl:  what are you doing here, gabe?
gabe:  well darryl, considering that i basically own the place, im just chillin at mi casa. this is me, in repose..i suppose.
gabe:  you know, theres this expression: bros before hos. and what thats short for is brothers before whores. uh, i dont buy that. i would throw any brother under the bus for any whore. woman
andy:  robert, do you wanna smoke pipes during our meeting?
robert:  lets wait, until we have something to smoke about.
andy:  yes. of course.  erin..
dwight:  hey, andy.
andy:  yeah?
dwight:  maybe i could sit in on this one with you? you know, that way i can cover you in case you need to urinate or you just want another opinion, or defecate…
andy:  i dont think so.
dwight:  well i just thought with my new increased responsibilities and all…
andy:  yeah. im still figuring out the two man bobsled here, so lets hold off on the d-man for now
