andy:  erin.
erin:  yeah.
andy:  in two minutes i want you to come into this meeting and tell me i have a really important phone call. im not going to take it because i want him to know how important the meeting is to me.
erin:  whos calling?
andy:  nobody. just say that im-just make it up that i have a phone call. and then im going to refuse to take it.
erin:  youre not going to take it?
andy:  just make up a phone call. its not a real call. make it up.
erin:  ohohohoh.
andy:  and come and tell me. doesnt matter what it is.
erin:  youre not going to get it though?
andy:  im not going to take it. and then hes going to be like “whoa this is a really important meeting”.
erin:  copy that.
andy:  okay.
andy:  ok, so tell me exactly what kind of deal you are getting now and ill tell you how we can beat it.
client:  uh well weve been going with…
erin:  andy.
andy:  yeah.
erin:  you have a very important call.
andy:  im sorry – im with a very important client. itll have to wait.
erin:  are you sure? its really, really important.
andy:  there is nothing more important to me right now than this meeting.
erin:  really? because your mother is dead.
client:  oh my god.
andy:  i dont think shes dead.
erin:  shes dead. she was hit by a bus.
andy:  shes not dead. this is exactly the kind of thing my mom pulls.
erin:  this isnt one of those times. its the police. they said its the worst theyve ever seen.
dwight:  andy im really sorry about your mother. my deepest condolences.
client:  oh you must take this call. its…
andy:  yeah. um line 1?
erin:  line 2.
andy:  hi.
darryl: its darryl. erin told me to pretend to be a cop and say your mom died.
andy:  ooh, gosh!
darryl:  dude.
andy:  officer.
darryl:  look man this is a bad idea.
andy:  did she have any last words or?
darryl:  really? that is messed up man.
andy:  oh make sure that your client gets the best deal possible.
darryl:  youre a bad man andy bernard.
andy:  that is so mom.
darryl:  that stuff can come back to get you. its called karma. you do not want to be messing around. i got an uncle…
andy:  alright thank you officer. erin please hold all my other calls. where were we?
pam:  hey cathy.
cathy:  hi.
pam:  hows it going? everything make sense?
cathy:  i think everything is under control.
pam:  great.
cathy:  you should sit down.
pam:  oh no, im fine.
cathy:  no i should go fill out my paperwork.
pam:  ok  oh that was just me. pregnant pam. and i make sounds much worse than this.
dwight:  oh we know.
pam:  im training a temp to be my replacement while im on maternity leave. oh i shouldve mentioned im pregnant. you probably didnt notice because its impossible to tell im so small. but yeah im pregnant.  oh come on!
ryan:  hey – asking for a friend. do you happen to know if that new girl is single?
jim:  hmm. doubt it.
ryan:  yeah me too.
pam:  you doubt it?
jim:  whats that?
pam:  why do you doubt that shes single?
jim:  honestly i have no idea. i just figured wed save her from ryan right?
darryl:  what are you doing with my lunch?
andy:  im delivering it from the fridge. its like a porno. hey did anyone order a pizza?
darryl:  its not pizza.
andy:  yeah and were not about to make love. i just thought maybe youd want to eat lunch at your desk today so that during lunch we could go down to the warehouse and bang out a few tunes.
darryl:  i like the sound of that. is kevin in?
andy:  uh you tell me 
ryan:  so word on the street is she has a boyfriend.
gabe:  well hes probably a drug dealer. thats the best way to land a hot girlfriend. you just uh get her hooked on blow.
toby:  its going to be nice to have just a healthy, young, fit presence in the middle of the office.
oscar:  yeah aesthetically speaking she adds a nice presence.
offscreen:  good energy
pam:  its going to be good to have someone hot at pams desk huh?
oscar:  no, no. not even.
pam:  im kidding! oh my gosh you guys! shes obviously super cute i get it. but id like to point out theres 50 pounds more of me to love if thats your thing.
oscar:  pam you look more beautiful now than ever.
toby:  radiant.
pam:  thank you. really you guys thank you. very sweet.
phyllis:  yeah you have this sexy glow.
gabe:  its one of the most common fetishes.
pam:  really well thank you all.
toby:  you know its not just pregnant women who dont get their due. you know whos gorgeous? helen mirren.
ryan:  yes! have you seen her in a bikini? amazing?
toby:  you know what would be the hottest thing ever? its a pregnant helen mirren.
dwight:  ok ok ok no no no. this is disgusting. you realize what youre saying? the hottest thing ever would be a 66 year old pregnant woman.
oscar:  in this case yes.
dwight:  no! there are universal biological standards of beauty and attraction. and you are purposefully celebrating the opposite of them to mollycoddle a pregnant woman.
phyllis:  no were not.
dwight:  yes you are. and another thing. helen mirren was born helen mironov. thats right. youre fake salivating over a soviet era russian.
andy:   ske-be-do-bah-bap-bah-de, ske-be-de-bapa-de-bapa-boopa-dooten-bebe-daten-booray.
darryl:  nice scatting, man.
andy:  thank you. i think i said doop instead of boop at one point.
val:  not bad fellas, youre better than you look.
kevin:  hey, screw you!
andy:   hey robert, are we meeting early?
robert:  just taking a stroll. what exactly have i stumbled upon here?
andy:  well were all musicians and we play together sometimes.
robert:  youre a band.
andy:  thank you.
kevin:  were called kevin and the zits.
darryl:  that was never agreed upon.
robert:  i miss being in a band.
andy:  miss no more! what do you play? join us!
kevin:  i have a tambourine.
robert:  tambourine? you know im the ceo, right?
andy:   ceos dont play tambourines. tambourines are for girlfriends.
robert:  i play harmonica. i think i have one in the car.
andy:  great!
kevin:  nice guys, robert is going to be a zit!
darryl:  again, never agreed upon.
andy:  i had totally given up on hanging out with robert california and now he wants to be in our band! and when youre in a rock and roll band with somebody, youre bonded for life!
darryl:  usually that life is short and tragic. thats okay, right?
andy:  yeah, even cooler.
kevin:  we all got to go sometime.
pam:  hey.
jim:  hey.
pam:  helen mirren. hot?
jim:  yeah. super pretty.
pam:  huh. what about cathy?
jim:  the temp?
pam:  yeah. do you think shes hot?
jim:  nope.
pam:  im not asking if youre in to her. just, objectively, do you find her attractive?
jim:  and im telling you, i dont.
pam:  you dont find cathy attractive?
jim:  no, i dont.
jim:  no, im not going to tell my nine-months-pregnant wife that i find her replacement objectively attractive. just like im not going to tell my two-year-old daughter that violent video games are objectively more fun. its true, but it doesnt help anybody.
pam:  look at her. even i want some fries with that shake.
jim:  okay. uh, i dont. so are we good? 
dwight:  thats just absurd.
pam:  yes, because shes hot, right?
dwight:  her breasts are large, her waist is small, her reproductive health in ample evidence. and facial symmetry- come on.
pam:  the thing about pregnancy is people treat you differently. like youre a kid almost. they lose all sense of boundaries. they start acting weird, telling you things that clearly arent true. i know it sounds nuts, but i think dwight is the only one whos telling me the truth.
pam:  dwight, am i hot right now?
dwight:  why would i or anyone else think that youre hot right now? i cant impregnate you, and thats the driving force between male-female attraction.
pam:  what about before? was i attractive before?
dwight:  meh… you were at your most attractive when you were 24 with a slight, gradual decline and a steep drop-off when you got pregnant for the first time. gradual recovery and, uh, well now, obviously, youre at an all-time low.
pam:  hmm. i think jims lying to me about not being attracted to cathy.
dwight:  you think jims lying?  thats so cute. i know hes lying.
pam:  five bucks if you can get him to admit it.
dwight:  done.  i never touch a pregnant woman.
pam:  yep, thats the dwight i need.
dwight:  if were going to work together, we need some ground rules.
pam:  okay.
dwight:  rule one: our only loyalty is to the truth.
pam:  i think so. okay.
dwight:  rule two: we stop at nothing.
pam:  well, what does that… is that… okay.
dwight:  rule three: dont fall in love.
pam:  yep, good.
dwight:  were gonna bust this guy.
pam:  honesty is very important to me.
dwight:  so important. and then we will destroy the man himself.
pam:  lets just see how we feel when we get there.
kelly:  well, you came to the right person. you have to follow your intuition, pam. you dont want to end up like elin nordegren. actually, what am i saying, you wish you had her life- no offense, pam.
dwight:  none taken. what do you got?
kelly:  it is called the matchmaker test, and it is very powerful. basically we have pam ask jim which of his friends he would set up with cathy. if jim picks a really hot friend, then we know that he thinks that cathys hot.
pam:  hmm.
robert:   hey, you found us!
curtis:  you guys sound great, man.
robert:  darryl, andy, kevin, this is curtis dorough, local musician and the officiate at my wedding.
darryl:  local musician? local legend! i used to come hear you play every week at the deerhead.
kevin:   dude, youre on tv! youre the sportscaster on channel seven.
drummer:  go eagles! 
kevin:  you do that on tv!
robert:  you guys mind if they join us?
andy:  yeah, absolutely!
kevin:  guys, ive got some instruments right here. 
darryl:  hey, why dont you and me play those?
kevin:  yeah? okay, this is awesome.
robert:  what should we play?
kevin:  maybe we should warm up with some scales?
robert:  midnight rambler?
curtis:  yeah.
andy:  midnight what?
curtis:   have you heard about the midnight rambler?  hey, come on in, baby. yeah!
pam:  hey, i was talking to cathy. turns out she is single.
jim:  oh, i stand corrected.
pam:  i thought it might be fun to set her up with someone. any ideas?
jim:  oh, you know who might be good? mike tibbets.
pam:  mike tibbets, really?
jim:  mm-hmm.
ryan:  hey, whos this mike tibbets guy? what kind of car does he drive?
jim:  not his moms car.
ryan:  yeah, cause his moms cars probably not a nissan z.
jim:  touche?
kelly:   eww!
pam:  kelly, calm down.
kelly:  i mean, i guess hed be okay with hair. okay, you should see if hell get hair plugs.
pam:  i dont think jim cares about his hair.
kelly:  yeah, but i do pam, okay? its called being a nice person.
dwight:  i dont see whats so ugly about him. hes got the broad face of a brewer.
pam:  jims on to me.
dwight:  hmm?
pam:  yeah, jim barely talks to mike. we had to go through like two levels of friends to even find his profile. jim picked someone just unattractive enough to shut me up without tipping it.
dwight:  just ugly enough to have deniability.
pam:  yep.
jim:  mike tibbets is like the most boring-looking guy i know. so if that was for the matchmaker test, i think im in the clear. if that wasnt for the matchmaker test, then… cathy, hes a really nice guy.
dwight:  well, jim may be lying with his words, but he cant lie with his body.
kelly:  im gonna write something mean on his wall.
pam:  no, kelly, dont.
dwight:  the male reveals attraction through unconscious and involuntary physical signs. the puffing of the chest, mirroring, increased blood flow to the crotch. i say we start there.
pam and kelly:  with the crotch?
dwight:  with the crotch.
kevin:   whoo!
dwight:  psst. were not here. 
creed:  who said that?
dwight:  exactly.
creed:  howd i get this long triangle?
dwight:  okay, just shut it.
pam:  is he puffing out his chest?
dwight:  i cant tell. its unnaturally sunken.  busted. he just was mirroring. did you see that?
pam:  no. maybe he just said something funny.
dwight:  jim has no discernible sense of humor, pam. you should know that.
pam:  i think hes just making her laugh.
dwight:  time for me to find out.
pam:  whys he making her laugh so much?
dwight:  just going to walk over here-  whoa, whoa, im slipping and falling! oh, stumbling, i need something to grab on to! 
jim:  dwight!
cathy:  are you okay?
dwight:  im fine, im totally fine.
jim:  dwight! dwight!
dwight:  yes?  wha- jim.
jim:   sorry about that.
dwight:  aw, cramp, im just- 
jim:  dwight!  why?
dwight:  im sorry, i fell down, mr. balance.
jim:  leave.
dwight:   does your husband have very soft erections? because if not, i just grabbed a very soft penis for nothing.
pam:  why was he making her laugh so much?
pam:  oh, hey, ill just be a second.
cathy:  yeah, take your time.
pam:  okay.
cathy:   oh, that line from zoolander?
jim:  mm-hmm?
cathy:  it was from a deleted scene so we were both right.
jim:   told you.
cathy:  um, do i hand in my expense reports to a particular accountant or-
pam:  oscar, cathy has a question!
cathy:  sorry, um, ill just go ask oscar.
pam:   yeah?
jim:  you okay?
pam:  why wont you just admit that shes attractive? its kind of annoying that you wont say it.
jim:  okay, what can i do to make you believe me?
pam:  well, dwight had this idea, and i thought it was kind of crazy. but maybe thats where we are now.
dwight:  she called it crazy? aw, man, thats insulting. all i did was propose a makeshift lie-detector test. monitoring his blood pressure, pulse, perspiration, and breathing rate.
pam:  yeah, its nuts. but i dont know what else to do.
dwight:  and she called it nuts?
darryl:  seriously, that was hot. feel like you and the newsman had a groove going.
kevin:  mm-hmm.
andy:  did you know that lisa toured with chaka khan?
kevin:  are you serious? from star trek?
darryl:   hey, you caught some of that?
val:  i caught it.
darryl:  what, you dont like the blues?
val:  i might enjoy seeing you guys play the blues.
andy:  well, we are playing. were all playing together. these are our jam buddies. its a jam session. we go where the music takes us. 
val:  i think the music left without you.
dwight:  come on.
jim:  stop shoving me.
dwight:   stop shoving me. stop grabbing my penis. grow up. take off your jacket and take a seat. when it lies, the human body exhibits many telltale signs.
jim:   really?
pam:  this could all go away if you just tell me the truth.
old man:  uh, are you all in line?
dwight:  why dont you go check out the sympathy cards, old man?  now im going to ask you just a few simple questions. wait for this to constrict. here we go. is your name jim halpert?
jim:  si.
pam:  wait, thats it? thats the question youre going to ask him?
dwight:  we have to start with a baseline question to establish what the truth is.
old man:  you have to share the machine with others.
dwight:   well, thats what they taught me in my 19th century kindergarten.
jim:  okay, dwight, come on.  you can go first.
old man:  thank you.
dwight:  jim, are you serious?
jim:  oh, you know what? this reminds me, cece needs a new toothbrush.
andy:  maybe we could switch instruments.
kevin:  yeah.
andy:  ‘cause, uh, my bodys starting to get bruised.
darryl:  yeah, maybe everyone move one instrument to the right?
andy:  we had to leave because of creative differences.
darryl:  yeah they kind of had a specific sound that didnt really fit in with our thing.
kevin:  guys, this means theyre kevin and the zits now.
darryl:  no man, we are.
andy:  well-
darryl:  no, no, no.
dwight:   okay, youre done.
old man:  i have a new heart, you know.
dwight:  do you really, tin man? okay, where were we?
jim:  no, im not worried. because this lie isnt for me, its for pam. and when she gets her body back and her confidence back… yes, i will tell her the truth. that i had feelings for a co-worker today that i havent had in years. but in my defense, he was grabbing my crotch fairly aggressively at the time.
dwight:  do you find cathy simms attractive?
jim:  no.
dwight:  yep, hes lying.
pam:  ah, see, was that so hard?
jim:  i am not lying.
pam:  really?
jim:  pam, are you really gonna listen to his stupid homemade test?
dwight:  i would listen to my homemade test, because your husband is definitely lying. in fact, hes lied about every question. even his name. who are you really?
pam:  wait, what?
dwight:  look at the numbers. every single time, its come up 150 over 100. your husband is a pathological liar.
pam:  jim, you have high blood pressure.
dwight:  oh, he is definitely attracted to her.
pam:  doesnt your dad have high blood pressure?
jim:  yeah, but i dont smoke.
pam:  when was the last time you went to the doctor?
jim:  i dont know.
dwight:  its important to go every month and get your prostate checked. you can do it at home by yourself with your finger. you just stick it-
pam:  dwight, stop. im not kidding, i mean, i need you to take care of yourself. what would we do if something happened to you?
jim:  okay, easy. trust me, im around for the long-haul.
dwight:  its not really your choice, is it? death waits for no man.
jim:  okay.
pam:  come on, lets go. i wanna call your doctor.
dwight:  doesnt it worry you in the slightest that jim is not his real name?
pam:  just go home. it doesnt matter.
dwight:  but… hey, ceces toothbrush.
jim:  thank you.
andy and darryl:  oh baby i love your way.
darryl:  every day.
andy and darryl:  wanna be with you night and day.
andy and darryl:  oh baby i love your way.
andy:   rudit-do-do-do-di-do.
