gabe:  the sabre code of conduct outlines the governing principles key to establishing and maintaining trust with our employees, clients-
kelly:  oh my god, kill me!
andy:  hey! all right, obviously we all want to die but we have to get through this. so, gabe go ahead. its okay.
gabe:  oh, is it okay with you? because if its not, you work for me, so… comply with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and contracts governing our business. be honest, fair-
pam:   im gonna do it.
gabe:  and trustworthy in all your business activities and relationships. treat one another-
pam:  oh! im going into labor! oh my goodness!
jim:  oh okay, shes going into labor. make way, everybody!
pam:  i know its wrong to fake going into labor just to get out of things, but sometimes its necessary.
pam:  : im going into labor!
phyllis:  or should i have corndogs. i mean-
pam:  im going into labor!
ryan:  okay, three reasons you are wrong about true blood. number one-
pam:  im going into labor.
pam:  here we go!
andy:  hey guys, uh, cant keep saying youre going into labor. everyone knows youre full of it.
kelly:  yeah.
oscar:  its not fair, you guys.
kelly:  pitiful.
meredith:  its stupid.
andy:  never cry wolf.
jim:  okay.
pam:  okay.
erin:  oh. 
pam:  oh! oh!
everyone:  oh! oh my goodness!
jim:  oh my god!
pam:  im really in labor! this is happening!
jim:  okay guys, here we go! well see you!
pam:  oh!
jim:  how do you feel?
erin:  drive carefully!
oscar:  good luck!
everyone:  goodbye! good luck! 
pam:  false alarm.
andy:   what?! they took another client from us? okay, bye. man! business is war! customers, clients- its like a war out there.
andy:  i am a leader. but you can only inspire people so much in a place like this. so today im turning the inspire-factor up to ten with a little help from my friend americas bloodiest battle.
andy:  why even read business books? we should be studying war. going to places like gettysburg. where is that?
erin:  its right here in pa.
andy:   well we should take a fieldtrip there. i mean, that would be so cool. i wonder if that bus downstairs is-
angela:  okay, andy, we get it. its a trip to gettysburg.
andy:  that sounds super inspiring! im in!
dwight:  gettysburg? hmm. could be interesting. second-most northern battle in the civil war.
oscar:  actually it is the northernmost.
dwight:  ha!
dwight:  the civil war history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of schrute farms.  whatever. im over it. its just grossly irresponsible.
andy:  charge!
phyllis:  well, this could be fun. i-
andy:  yeah, well, the bus has free wifi and i made special low-sugar lunches for everyone. and is anyone kosher or halal?
ryan:  whats the halal option?
andy:  dates, tabbouleh, and a bagel with cream cheese.
ryan:  out.
andy:  you know, its the same as the kosher option. theres a lesson in there. i mean, i cant force you to go. youre not my slaves. thanks to gettysburg. but… whos coming with me?
erin:  im in.
phyllis:  im in too.
dwight:  guess im a sucker for historical fiction.
andy:  anyone whos not going, youre dead to me. youre uninvited. i dont want you to come. but, fyi, there will be leftover turkey and pesto sammies in the fridge.
kevin:  yes!
andy:   one for you.
erin:  cool. thanks.
andy:  and one for you.
jim:  cool. thanks. 
andy:  and- oh. you missed your head.  there you go. phyllis, think fast!
andy:  all right, guys, a little foreplay before we do it. fans of ken burns jazz will most certainly enjoy civil war.
darryl:  you know, i just got limitless on my ipad. i bet i could get it on the tv.
phyllis:  ooh. isnt that the one where the guy becomes limitless?
andy:  its just not appropri- i mean, if we were going to visit bradley coopers birthplace, id be the first one suggesting it. id be rooting for it.
everyone:  limitless! limitless! limitless! limitless!
andy:  all right, all right, all right.
kevin:  not food and stuff.
pam:  here. like it?
kevin:  oh, if you buy the picnic table then youve got to get the fire pit.
pam:  i cant get a fire pit. i have two babies.
kevin:  the fire pit is a no-brainer.
robert:  oh, hi there.
pam:  plants and- hi, robert! hey, um, how are you doing? good to see you again.
robert:  where is everyone? where is andy?
kelly:  andy took some of the other people on a corporate retreat to gettysburg.
robert:  well, i was hoping to talk out some ideas with andy. but what we have here… is perhaps better. by not going on the trip, youve shown youre the free-thinkers of the office.
ryan:  robert, you got your sheep and you got your black sheep, and im not even a sheep. im on the freaking moon.
robert:  so, here what we can do. game changers- changes to the game such that the game can never be played the same way again. everyone, brainstorm some innovations. dont be afraid to get weird with it. meredith!  excited!
kevin:   okay.
andy:  you guys…
darryl:  j-j-j-ju…
andy:  get excited!
darryl:  shh! movies almost over.
andy:  all right! were here. limitless can wait.
gabe:  fun fact. in france, they call limitless ‘the man with many capabilities.
andy:  woo-hoo! ladies and gentlemen the eighteen hundreds await you. we can watch limitless on the way back.
darryl:  i got source code on the way back.
everyone:  ooh! all right!
andy:  woo!
andy:  whoa, where you going?
jim:  visitor center. gonna grab a map for the memorials, right?
andy:  yeah, were not going to the visitor center. were not tourists.
jim:  no, of course were not tourists. were just people that arent from here who are taking a tour.
phyllis:  yeah, sign says “begin tour here.”
andy:  unless youre going on the very specially-created and meticulously-researched andy bernard tour.
andy:  after chancellorsville, lee brought his army up the shenandoah valley, right through here! they stopped in this field for a picnic, which they called lunch.
erin:   yeah, but im confused…
dwight:  total deaths belongs to gettysburg but when youre talking about d.p.a., thats deaths per acre…
erin:  mm-hmm.
dwight:  …nothing beats the battle of schrute farms.
erin:  oh. d.p.a. sounds way more important that total deaths.
dwight:  oh, it is. and you should read some of these letters that the soldiers wrote home. i mean, it makes the battle of gettysburg sound like a bunch of schoolgirls wrestling over a hairbrush.  im telling you, theyre heartbreaking too. so beautifully written.
oscar:  dwight, what are you telling this girl?
dwight:  the truth.
oscar:  stop filling her head with nonsense, okay? she doesnt know any better.
erin:  oscar, i am so glad you just got here. i wouldve believed everything he said.
dwight:  no, no, no! youre filling her head with nonsense. you and the history books. im telling the truth.
erin:  interesting.
dwight:  yes, thank you. all of history has been whitewashed.
oscar:  really? why dont you tell us the real history, gore vidal?
dwight:  okay, i will. i dont know who that is, but im gonna tell you this-
oscar:  hes a historian.
dwight:  gettysburg was very important. credit where credit is due, okay? big, mad props to gettysburg. was it, however, the most northern battle of the civil war?
oscar:  yes, yes, yes!
dwight:  not by a long shot!
erin:  no!
oscar:  yes!
dwight:  no, it was not!
oscar:  argh!
dwight:  no, it was not. was it the second-most northern?
oscar:  what?
dwight:  sure! i will cede it was the second-most northernmost battle!
oscar:  erin-
dwight:  was it the northernmost? no. get out of here, oscar.
erin:  get out of here!
robert:  i am so eager to hear your game-changers. lets dig in, shall we?
ryan:  may i go first?
robert:  absolutely.
ryan:  raw fish- the disgusting food from japan that americans would never want to eat. now, we cant get enough of it. from movie stars to construction workers, sushi is whats for dinner. let me throw another idea at you. origami. what? the crazy art of paper folding from, thats right, japan. dont you wish you could go back to 1980 and open the first sushi restaurant in manhattan? we can do that! with… origami. its the sushi of paper.
robert:  this idea hasnt gripped me. what else did you come up with?
ryan:  well i had to memorize the presentation, robert, and it took a long time to build the swan, so-
robert:  that was bad.
stanley:  if your woman is like mine, i bet you come home to hear the same thing all the time. this paper is so hard. it scratches. why cant there be a paper just for me? well now there is. ‘papyr. paper for women. its pink, scented and silky soft. now, you can watch the game and she can write a letter to her sister.
robert:  the situation you described, returning home to a wife complaining about her paper being too masculine, is not one im familiar with.
stanley:  in the african-american community-
robert:  no.
stanley:   thought it was worth a try.
darryl:  thats fascinating. tell me, whats the significance of the peach orchard, thought?
park ranger:  oh, well, thats a great question. actually some of the most-
dwight:  excuse me, i got a question for you.
park ranger:  sure.
dwight:  can you tell us about the battle of schrute farms?
park ranger:  uh, i havent heard of that one.
dwight:  really. okay, follow-up question. how much are they paying you to keep your mouth shut?
oscar:  i apologize for my friend and for the republicans who are cutting your funding.
andy:  we dont need to bother this poor gentleman. i know exactly where were going. giddy up! tallyho!
chelsea:   are you lincoln?
gabe:  no, no, im-
gabe:  apparently, i bear a passing resemblance to abraham lincoln. makes it kind of hard for me to go to places like museums, historical monuments, elementary schools… i dont see it.chelseas mom: chelsea, give mr. lincoln your hat so i can take a picture.
gabe:  okay, quick.
man:  hey! lincolns starting. 
gabe:  oh, uh, no. no, no, no, no. im, uh, im actually with a tour group myself, so-  hello! im abraham lincoln! some people call me the great emancipator, but, uh, you might know me from the penny. 
pam:  okay. you know the test booklets that they give out in all the schools. i was thinking that we could put a coupon in the back that people would mail in to us… and as, you know, as i tell it, i dont like it. unless, of course, you are responding to it.
robert:  i am not.
pam:  um, excuse me. im gonna go to the bathroom.
pam:  at this point, when youre this pregnant, its kind of like senior spring. the other day i spit my gum out on the carpet.
robert:  kevin, youve been quiet. im curious to know what your game-changer is.
kevin:  well, you know how in the vending machine they have the chocolate chip cookies in the a-1 spot? they do that cause they think a-1s the best spot for the best cookie. but the real best spot is d-4. right? thats where the eyes go. so…
robert:  cookies. cookie placement.
kevin:  yeah. but not just the cookies, though. that was just a ‘for instance.
robert:  who else agrees with kevin, that were wasting facilities, manpower, on our underselling products when we should be pushing our top-performers?  there you go. consensus.
ryan:  okay, we are now on a planet where kevin is the most creative person around, and i am just some good-looking guy.
gabe:   i just dont understand. its 1865, victory is ours, ive saved the very soul of our nation, and yet… happiness eludes me. oh, perhaps a trip to the theater will enliven my spirits.
audience:  no!
kevin:  ‘kay, so another thing about oatmeal cookies. who even wants them? i mean, ive seen toby eat one, like, once, but other than that…  like, forget it.
robert:  interesting. so what is dunder mifflins oatmeal cookie? what is the product that no one wants?
stanley:  how about that two-hole-punch letter? only the lawyers want that punch at the top and they use legal.
robert:  thats the oatmeal cookie. fantastic, kevin. fantastic. 
kevin:  thank you.
jim:  by the way, did we leave all the food on the bus?
andy:  lets talk about food for a second. food for thought.
jim:  yeah, thats what i had for breakfast and i think thats probably why im still hungry.
andy:  hunger! hunger for victory! hunger for honor. hunger for pride.
darryl:  hunger for hamburger.
erin:  hunger for chicken chimichangas. right, darryl?
darryl:  thats good.
andy:  exactly. now do you know the civil war soldiers were hungry for? pride! now, each battalion had its own flag and they guarded these flags with their lives. colonel harrison jeffords of the fourth michigan infantry saw his flag being carried away, chased it down with nothing but a sword. fought tooth and nail at the foot of that flag until he died. he wasnt about to let them have that flag. pride. right, guys?  i commissioned this flag for dunder mifflin. cost me two hundred dollars.
jim:  only two hundred dollars?
andy:  we are all branches on this tree. and from the tree comes paper. were all part of a business. but business is war. whats that i hear? uh, a rebel paper company is coming to take our flag! wha- whats going on here? wee-hoo! come and get it! whos gonna get the flag? whos getting it? whoa! hey! ho! dont look where i am, look where im going. juke right, juke left.
darryl:  andy, this is inappropriate. people died here, man.
andy:  get the flag! get the flag! come on, big tuna. what you gonna do about it? we got a flag right here. wee-hoo!
andy:  spangler springs is a mile this way.
jim:  oh wow.so thats two miles if you incorporate the walk back.
andy:  its… i mean come on.
phyllis: i dont think i should walk anymore.you know all i had for breakfast was oatmeal, yogurt, coffee, orange juice and toast.two poached eggs.and then half a sandwich on the bus.
andy:  alright fine.you know what – i guess this place just hasnt rubbed off on you the way i hoped it would.im still going.and im not going to ask anymore.im not even going to look back.im just going to assume that youre with me.
dwight:   you said you werent going to look back.
robert:  and why is black rock suddenly the paragon by which all hedge funds must now be compared?
kevin:  i dont know.
robert:  right.i mean youre an accountant.those bogus prospectuses must drive you insane.
kevin:  yes.i am an accountant.
oscar:  dwight – this is one of the archivists here.i thought maybe we could consult him.
dwight:  really?
oscar:  yeah.
dwight:  well.anyone employed by the gettysburg industrial complex is certainly going to want to keep quiet about the battle of schrute farms.
archivist:  schrute farms did you say?that is a fascinating little chapter of the civil war.
oscar:  youve heard about it?
dwight:  yes!ha!prepare to be refuted!go on.
archivist:  there you go.
narrator: families and sweethearts back home waited desperately for letters from the front.
soldier:  dearest mother im sorry it has been so long since my last letter.it is three months since i arrived at schrute farms and i fear i may never leave this place alive.melvin fifer garris.
dwight:  hallowed ground.
narrator:  but the battle at schrute farms was no battle at all.it was a code used by pacifists from both north and south who turned the pennsylvania farmhouse into an artistic community and a refuge from the war.
amanda:  you have to understand.poets, artists, dancers – these kind of men preferred peace to war.these delicate lovely men found a place of refuge among the schrutes at schrute farms.amidst the macho brutality of war this was a place where dandies and dreamers could put on plays and sing tender ballads and dance in the moonlight.i like to think of schrute farms as the underground railroad for the sensitive… and well… fabulous.
oscar:  wow.this is so much better than the story you made up.
dwight:  ive seen enough.
oscar:  youre right.there should be a monument to this.
kevin: never trust a cookie with a womans name.pecan sandy.lorna doone.madeline.theyll just break your heart.
robert:   kevin!
ryan:  robert i hate to interrupt.but i would love to pitch you one last idea.i call it the big mac idea.
kevin:  what?!? no!
robert:  big mac idea.that sounds encouraging.
ryan: its really, really good robert.let me explain.
kevin:  no!this is not fair!this is my idea.hes trying to steal it because hes jealous of me.
robert:  well what is the idea?
kevin: every time you buy a big mac you set one ingredient aside.then at the end of the week you have a free big mac.and you love it even more because you made it with your own hands.
ryan:  you know what?now i remember.that was your idea.  that is 100 percent your idea.
robert: oh my.it was just actually cookies the whole time?
andy:   dammit.
darryl:  hey.
andy:  you guys came.wheres everyone else?
darryl:  back at the bus.we were locked out.phyllis is sitting on the ground eating a dirty sandwich.
andy:  yeah i asked the bus driver to lock it because our stuff was in there.i guess he follows orders.
jim:  yeah sorry everyone else didnt come.i think theyre just tired.with holes in their shoes.and they have dysentery.
andy:  even without an audience youre still at it.
jim:  what are you talking about?
andy:  our office has a disease.and it goes by many names.sarcasm.snark.wisecracks.you take things people care about and you make them feel lame about it with your jokes.thats what you did with this trip.
jim:  andy – this whole idea of our situation being just like war?its just not true.we just work at a paper company.and youre our regional manager.and guess what man?you dont have to prove anything.we like you as regional manager.andy if you dont believe me take a look at whats on my head.im wearing a very pink hat.ive been getting weird looks all day because im pretty sure “dm does gb” means something kinda sexual.but guess whos wearing them?all of us.just for you man.thats huge.
andy:  you dont like the hats?
jim:  theyre terrible.
darryl:  i hate myself.
andy:  they just didnt turn out how i wanted.in my head they were cooler, but they do look weird.
andy:   the world will little note, nor long remember the fight jim and i had here at gettysburg and thats good because i was basically wrong.i wanted my team to be, like, this army and i was their general.but i guess its really more like theyre just people who work in an office and im their manager.yeah thats really probably a better analogy now that i think about it.
gabe:  abe and mary are seated watching the show.  oh mary this is wonderful… ok mary stop your scolding.ill be quiet.  i need her like i need a hole in the head!   bang!ooh 
robert:  haha! there he is. you mind lending a hand? im typing up a memo to share your ideas with the board.
kevin:  i can do that.
robert:  great….ok.
kevin:  your arm feels good on my back.
kevin:  for some reason, my boss is obsessed with cookies. its not my specialty. my specialty is pizza. but im flexible
andy:  charge!
kelly:  isnt gettysburg like three hours away?
erin:  no. its like two hours and forty-six minutes.
andy:  its kind of a haul, so we should probably get going. and tuna, i made a special sandwich for you, guess which kind.
jim:  tuna?
andy:  yes! tuna of the land. turkey. with pesto.
jim:  and to drink?
andy:  water.
jim:  oh-ho, i am in.
jim:  im excited, ive actually never been to gettysburg. uh, my family was gonna go once, but then my brothers convinced me if was full of dead soldier zombies, so i freaked out and we turned the car around. but im older now, i can outrun a zombie.
andy:  getting everyone on the bus, check. giving everyone hats, check. sexiest eastern european girls, uh, check.
darryl:  hey, devils den is that way, we should check it out. thats where the snipers hid.
andy:  please! everyone and their mother goes to devils den. its the olive garden of gettysburg.
phyllis:  oh, i like olive garden.
andy:  well, i meant that in a bad way. obviously it tastes good, but its not cool.
jim:  where do all the cool kids go when they come to this consecrated ground?
andy:  that is what im showing you.
dwight:  i know what you guys are all thinking right now: hey, lets go pee on the grave of some confederate soldiers, but you know what? jokes on you. it only makes the flowers grow back more beautifully.
dwight:  best thing you can do for the deceased is to pee on their graves. then you dance and work the urine into the root systems. doesnt hurt to have a smile on your face, either.
oscar:  guys! over here, we found the bus.
phyllis:  open the door, jim.
jim:  its locked.
phyllis:  are you sure? yeah, its locked.
dwight:  its not locked, gimme that…
jim:  thats weird, if its not locked, why isnt it opening?
dwight:  its, its latched closed.
jim:  ok, you know what? andy probably has the number for this guy. im gonna find him.
darryl:  ill come with you.
phyllis:  ow! ee! i sat on my sandwich.
oscar:  and thats how the printing press was invented
andy:  everybody beat it. dont beat it, stay where you are.
erin:  there you are. dillinger graphics said their shipment is late.
andy:  what did you say?
erin:  nothing, i just-
andy:  what would you say?
erin:  that itll be the first shipment out today.
andy:  that is exactly the right thing to say! do it! git-er-done! phyllis, you just married joe order, youre new name is phyllis order , get it?
phyllis:  i dont get it.
andy:  jim, in regards to our high-five scheduled for four pm today, it has been moved up to now. yes.
jim:  we didnt have one scheduled
