dwight:   oh, little help. wow your hair is really thinning.
dwight:  standing is proven to be healthier, increases productivity and just looks cooler. picture someone doing something heroic. now was he sitting or standing? not counting fdr.
dwight:  every second you sit there is an hour off your life. look at all of you. i feel like youre in a suicide cult.
creed:  no. no. no. youre way off on that one.
dwight:  oh yeah?
oscar:  are you really comfortable standing there? i tried one of those and i just never hit the sweet spot.
jim:  hey guys lets just all admit it. ok? dwights better than us. he had the guts to stop sitting. and hes never, ever going to go back on it right?
dwight:  thats right jim.
darryl:  hey man.
dwight:   hey.
darryl:  taking a load off huh?
dwight:  no. putting a load on more like it.
darryl:  good luck with that.
dwight:  last thing i need is luck. 
dwight:   thank you so much. 
jim:   what are you up to? oops look out! 
dwight:  what are you doing? give that back. come on!
jim:  prank! 
dwight:  oh thats real creative.
jim:  you know what its not my best. because you could just easily bend over and pick it up right?
dwight:  i could, but i just dont feel like it loser.
jim:  because youre sitting?
dwight:  standing.
jim:  ok.
dwight:  dont!
jim:  because youre sitting?
dwight:  standing.
jim:  you know i have to do this.
dwight:  i know. 
andy:   andrew… baines… bernard.
jim:  i think you could just do andy bernard.
andy:  andrew baines bernard. i love filling these out. because its like taking a test, but i know the answers.
robert:   in four seconds my wife is going to be coming through that door. i told her she could work here. under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen.  there you are! honey how on earth could you miss the elevator?
andy:  what was that?
jim:  i dont know. he wasnt talking to me. but if i were you i wouldnt hire his wife.
ryan:  thats why my foundation – the dream for a wish foundation – is going to put them out of business. theyre not going to know what hit them.
robert:  everyone. id like to introduce my wife mrs. robert california. mrs. california this is everyone.
susan:  hello. oh call me susan please.
robert:  last night at dinner susan and i were talking about her returning to work. so shes here today to see if theres a good fit. something tells me it just might work out. this is andy bernard the regional manager.
susan:  hello nice to meet you.
andy:  hey there. its a pleasure.
robert:  andy would you be so kind as to show susan around the office. show her the various departments. find a place where shell shine.
andy:  i would love to. but i have to be completely honest with you guys. were 100 percent staffed up.
robert:  andy. lets see if theres a good fit first. then well talk.
andy:  alright.
dwight:  knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
darryl:  you dont have to say it if youre doing it.
dwight:   remember how you said that you were looking in the office to do calisthenics and aerobics?
darryl:  uh weight lifting yeah.
dwight:  well todays your lucky day. i have opened in this very office building dwight schrutes gym for muscles. you wanna take a look?
darryl:  ill take a look.
dwight:  your path from obesity begins right here!
darryl:  ive been meaning to join a gym.  for my health. i used to say i wanted to live long enough to see a black president. i didnt realize how easy that would be. so now i want to live long enough to see a really, really gay president. or a supermodel president. i want to see all the different kinds of presidents.
dwight:  obese people in my office are a drain on resources. chairs wear out faster, it takes more freon to keep them cool, they flush the toilets more often, plus their massive bms bust the rivets on my pipes. but a gym turns fat into cash.
andy:  alright! the dm express is pulling out.
susan:  well it was really nice to meet you brian.
ryan:  actually ryan.
susan:  oh, ryan.
ryan:  bitttch!
andy:  we will start here at erinville.
susan:  hi.
erin:  hoo-hoo!
andy:  reception. your classic one-man operation.
erin:  although i was watching a movie and merryl streep had two secretaries.
andy:  i was watching a movie and a bunch of apes took over san francisco. just saying.
robert:  two secretaries could convey a sense of importance and success to our clients. certainly worth exploring; wouldnt you agree andy?
andy:  ill explore exploring it.
robert:  good. it seems like you have this under control. so ill just duck out and run the company for a while.
andy:  ok uh next stop on the tour sales. here we go. station stop jim halpert. oh boy our resident truth teller.  alright have at it. let ‘er rip. what do you hate about this place?
jim:  well its sales. so you have to be able to live in the world of rejection.
dwight:  maybe you do. hi. im dwight. sales is really not so hard ok? its paper. we have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it.
andy:  jim?
jim:  well its not that easy. its kind of sometimes difficult.
dwight:  its the second easiest job in the world.  being a mom.
susan:  i love shopping and sales is just the other side of that.
dwight:  that is true.
andy:  you know if you joined our sales department you would be working very closely with our department head mr. dwight schrute.
dwight:  thats me.
andy:  dwight why dont you tell susan about some of your hobbies. survival skills. ranking of animals.
dwight:  maybe over a beer after shes closed her first sale .
susan:  well make that a red wine and ill tell you my animal rankings .
andy:  oh how am i supposed to pull this off? . the entire office is being nice to her than theyve ever been to me. what i wouldnt give for one of phyllis classic room clearing farts right now.
dwight:  ready? what do you think?
darryl:  um no. this is not a gym. this is like a scene out of saw 5.
dwight:  you havent even looked around yet. look. gravel bucket squat yoke  right? dedicated phone book ripping station . you ever cut tin before? five yards in and your forearms will be on fire. plus i will buy the tin back from you that you cut for two cents a yard. now lets go over membership. im going to need the first months and the last months up front. $49 per month. but every third month is $59 a month. but the fourth month is a discount month at $19 per month…
darryl:  obviously you know how a gym works. so you know im not going to pay money for this. you want people to come to your gym? make a real gym.
dwight:  darryl… 
darryl:  make a real gym.
susan:  i was thinking accounting might be a good fit because i really clicked with oscar and i do have some experience in bookkeeping.
andy:  but we already have a surplus of accountants as it is.
susan:  uh i could work in customer service. hr even.
andy:  those are fully staffed as well.
robert:  are you telling me that theres no one in this entire office that could use an extra pair of hands?
andy:   yes.
robert:  i am the ceo and i am telling an employee of mine what to do.
andy:  let me beat around the bush for a second. our chairman of the board has some very strong feelings about-
susan:  robert this is very uncomfortable. obviously theres no place for me here. so thank you for trying. why dont we just let it go.
robert:  no. absolutely not. andrew there must be something you can do. think.
andy:  there are lots of considerations.
robert:  i would be eternally grateful. its not a bad thing to have the ceo owe you one.
andy:  alright. well then welcome aboard.
susan:  so what happens next?
andy:  we get you over to hr and then we get you set up with accounting.  hang on. hello?
robert:   say hello grandma.
andy:  hi gam-gam.
robert:  hold one finger up to susan. youll just be a second. you numbskull. you were given a very simple task. i could not have been more clear with you. now say, “are you taking your medicine?”
andy:  are you taking your med-meds?
robert:  why can you not say exactly what i tell you? undo this. undo it. 
susan:  you didnt say goodbye to your grandma.
andy:  we promised wed never say goodbye.
dwight:  attention! i am now accepting memberships for dwight schrutes gym for muscles. the first 20 members can take advantage of the pay what you weigh promotion.
oscar:  all i need is another gym. as if i dont have enough drama.
phyllis:  we have a gym at home. its called the bedroom.
oscar:  whos spotting who? dont use the bike in the corner. thats bruces. jeremy says…
angela:  enough oscar, enough.
dwight:  kelly?
kelly:  i have these new sneakers which are basically like a gym for your feet.
dwight:  thats okay. i know how to build a business. you gotta get the black people to do it to get the white people to do it. then you gotta get the black people to stop doing it. one step at a time.
toby:  did you bring your passport with you?
susan:  who walks around with their passport?
toby:  well, i do. always ready for adventure.
susan:  have you had any?
toby:  no.
andy:   hey, uh, guys. so robert doesnt want his wife working here. so now that she is, we have to drive her away.
oscar:  andy, if he didnt want her working here then why did you hire her?
andy/oscar:  it was a mistake. but one that can be fixed by all of us being mean to her.
kevin:  how can we do that? shes simply wonderful.
angela:  this is all pathetic.
andy:  i am not asking, i am ordering.
oscar:  how mean are we talking about?
andy:  it would be great if she were gone by lunch. erin, youre up. find her a place to work, but not too comfortable.
erin:  got it. i know exactly which stapler to give her.
erin:  here you go. 
susan:  um, do you think it would be possible to move to that desk over there? because this seems a bit cramped and i dont have a computer.
erin:  well thats a sales desk.
kevin:  yeah. you need to be over here with us accountants. just sit here and be quiet. and if you have a question, just raise your hand. but im gonna save you some time, sweetie, and give you the answer now. i. dont. know.
jim:  no, i dont think we should be trying to make this place seem unpleasant. i think we should let this place just crush her spirit by itself. i mean, it knows what its doing.
oscar:  thats gerald. 
jim:  oh, wow. so cute.
susan:  oh, that is so cute-
phyllis:   aw… hes so tiny. is he in a ladle?
oscar:  yeah, hes in a ladle.
erin:  thats adorable. how on earth did you get him in a ladle?
oscar:  he did it himself.
phyllis:  is that ladle stainless or…
oscar:  oh, stainless. williams sonoma.
susan:  excuse me, waiter, theres a dog in my soup. 
oscar:  its not that kind of ladle.
jim:  very cute. 
susan:  aw, let me see-
oscar:   ah, just the battery on these things. im sorry, ive got to recharge this.
susan:  i get it. last time i had a job, i remember i hated the boss wife. of course, she was married to robert.
susan:  your employees dont seem to be taking to me.
robert:  andy! andy, could you step in here, please? well fix this.
andy:   what is going on?
robert:   please. andrew, my wife… has brought up an issue that requires your attention. so, uh, if youll excuse me, i should step out, get to the atm before that homeless man sets up camp for the night.
andy:  okey-dokey, artichokey. you hate it, dont you?
susan:  do you not want me here?
andy:  why would you say that?
susan:  its okay. i understand. im not sure how i would feel about having the boss wife work for me either.
andy:  its not that, exactly.
susan:  but it is something.
andy:  lets just say that if you dont want to work here, i am totally prepared to respect that.
susan:  why would you not want me working here?
andy:  i dont know. 
susan:  i think i understand what youre going through. my husband can be a very difficult man to read, cant he?
andy:  yes! the dude is an enigma.
susan:  mm-hmm. so he is mixed up in this, isnt he?
andy:  ah… 
susan:  got it.
dwight:  what do you think youre doing?
darryl:  getting my sweat on.
dwight:  i build you this temple to the human body, and youre lifting what, five pounds?
darryl:  i just did, like, 35 minutes on the treadmill.
dwight:  i was watching you. you want to know how long it really was?
darryl:  no.
dwight:  eight minutes!
darryl:  dude, im gonna be here all week, right? five days a week, i figure ill start slow.
dwight:  is that the same philosophy you apply to buffalo wings?  i want you to bring that same buffalo wing passion to this gym! im gonna make you look like lebron james!
darryl:  its lejon brames.
dwight:  thats what i said.
darryl:  you know, get it right.
dwight:  i know.
andy:   cameras…
robert:   oh, still here. terrific.
susan:  andy and i had a great conversation. and i just want to let you know that i am not going to be working here.
robert:  well thats a shame.
andy:  it just was one of those things-
susan:  is it? because we talked about it and it seems like that might be what you want. which is fine.
robert:  where did this come from? did andy say that?
susan:  no, he did not, but i could tell he was struggling to understand what was expected of him.
robert:  whats the struggle? he made a great call, hired a great person.
susan:  you sure about that?
robert:  absolutely.
susan:  no games?
robert:  no games.
susan:  because andy seemed to think there was some information he was not able to share with me.
robert:  okay, enough of this. i mean, really, enough. its gotten way out of hand. andrew, this is my wife. whatever privacy you were trying to protect between us, i thank you for. but it is not welcome right now. just be honest.
susan:  andy?
andy:  yes?
susan:  why do you keep looking at my husband?
robert:  andy, just answer the question.
andy:  no games?
robert:  no games.
andy:  okay. i mean, it was kind of funny, actually. robert storms in and he says, “in four seconds, my wifes gonna be in here. i told her she could work here. under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen.” 
robert:  you lying son of a bitch!
robert:  tell my wife youre lying.
andy:  i am lying. i am a compulsive liar.
susan:  thats not true, is it?
andy:  no, its not. i tell the truth most of the time and i was just telling the truth about your husband. jim knows. he was there.
robert:  this is preposterous.
susan:  robert…
robert:  lets get jim in here.  wheres jim?
erin:  he just rolled out and crawled out.
robert:  can you call security, tell em to keep an eye out for him? time to settle this.
jim:   oh wait, wait, wait! hold on, hold on. i just need to get through. just real quick. real quick, open… uh, okay. 
robert:   thats weird. well, hes gotta be around here somewhere.
jim:   oh. ow. ow. ow.  creed. i was never here, all right?
creed:  okay. what about your friend?
jim:  oh boy.
dwight:  this is my gym, my rules. you do exactly as i say, no questions asked.
darryl:  yeah, im gonna ask questions and i might not do what you say.
dwight:  first thing, were gonna stretch the pelvic bowl. ready? get down on the floor.
darryl:  okay, im not doing that.
dwight:  really? too embarrassing for you? huh? you wish that every exercise was strutting around the gym like the fonz? well how do you think the fonz got so cool? he stretched his pelvic bowl!
gabe:  i didnt know darryl joined.
darryl:  looks that way.
gabe:  nice pelvic bowl. deep.
robert:  hello jim. 
andy:   no, no. no, no, no! dont! damn it, tuna!
robert:  so i think you know what we want to know.
jim:  do i?
robert:  yes.
jim:   i know, i do.
andy:  jim, ive had enough of your unhelpfulness.
jim:  i really wish i could help. im not really sure how i can…
susan:  for gods sake, did robert tell you that he didnt want me working here?
jim:  thats the thing. see, i didnt want to get in the middle of this. still dont. but heres something: i feel that maybe, if we take a step back, this is a simple case of anxiety to work with a spouse.
andy:   i think weve got ourselves an answer.
robert:  no.
andy:  that makes complete sense. thank you all for a wonderful day.
jim:  perfect!
susan:  jim…
jim:  yes?
susan:  answer the question, please.
jim:   i dont know what you want me to tell you. to be really honest, my wife works here. and i love it. she literally makes me work harder. she makes me smarter. she makes me remember why im here. and between us, shes on maternity leave right now, and i would love to leave this room and see her face. i would love it. i dont know how this helps, but its just what im thinking.
robert:  all right. thanks.
jim:  yes. all right. great. 
andy:  uh…
robert:  yeah.
andy:  yep.
susan:   thank you. 
robert:   heh.
susan:  andy.
andy:  hey, mrs. california.
susan:  hey. uh, im sorry about the position you were put in today.
andy:  you know, honestly, we all wanted you to work there. except for him. especially me.
susan:  yeah, i thought we really hit it off.
andy:  yeah.
susan:  well, different circumstances.
andy:  yeah.
susan:  who knows?
andy:  who knows?
susan:  maybe after all this settles down…
andy:  totally.
susan:  its a date.
andy:  hmm?
dwight:  youre nothing! youre so weak, you call yourself a man? huh?
darryl:  this doesnt help me. i dont respond to that kind of strategy.
dwight:  okay, fine. finish your set on your own and never come back to my gym again!
darryl:  dwight, come back and spot me.
dwight:  all right, ill help you. but first, you gotta tell me what your goal is. what do you want?
darryl:  to push this bar up.
dwight:  no! because if that was the case, the bar would be up by now. what is your goal?
darryl:  help me!
dwight:  what do you want!?!
darryl:  to look good for val!
dwight:  val kilmer? i dont buy it. that doesnt make any sense. wow… i figured out your goal. i am going to make you the buffest dude val kilmer has ever seen.
gabe:  they say that if you can strengthen your core, it improves your sexual performance. so, you will find me on the ab-blaster. and then you will find me blasting…uh, a very nice young woman.
meredith:  gotta get in shape. im doing ironman next month. and i want him to be attracted to me.
dwight:  hey, what are you listening to?
gabe:  steve martin.  uh, im fine. 
erin:  um, wheres the shower?
dwight:  there is no shower.
kathy:  there isnt?
dwight:  what does this look like, a shower store? get lost.
oscar:  you have got to be kidding me! no shower?!
dwight:  exercise lengthens life. improves mood, boosts sex drive, and ive already covered the bm of it all. its miraculous the effect that i will have on their lives
andy:  so, roberto californio doesnt want to work with his wife. i get it. and, he wants to give his wife a job. totally get it. what i am struggling with is the part of this thats impossible.
robert:  i love my wife.
jim:  this whole thing is making me very uncomfortable. im not getting between the boss and his wife so just ask me about something else. you know stanleys tie is really the story of the day…
stanley:  its my birthday.
jim:  ok, so thats a disaster. luckily have a two-part plan. one, run. two, hide. its pretty smart, right?  hi, how you doing? im jim halpert from across the hall. we are redoing our supply closet and i was wondering if i could take a look at yours for some ideas.
bob’s secretary:  let me just check with bob.
jim:  you absolutely should. he said it was ok, so till you get him, ill just be in, you know. 
bob’s secretary:   bob? jim just went into the closet.
andy:  ugh! hes always one step ahead of us! how does he do that?
mrs. california:  this is insulting!
robert:  this whole accusation is insulting. come on
