kevin:  uh oh. shes doing it again.
pam:  phyllis has gotten into audio books and lately shes been listening to 50 shades of grey.which, if you dont know what it is, its a book about um…
clark:  its porn.
pam:  yeah.
dwight:   seriously. ugh. ok, this is unacceptable. its officially a hostile work environment.
phyllis:  why?
darryl:  somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her its not ok to do this in public.
pam:  be careful. i pulled my moms dog off a pillow once, and i got bit.
meredith:  just ignore her. sooner or later shell finish.
group:  ugh. ew.
andy:  what?
dwight:  phyllis is masturbating. in the office right now as we speak.
angela:  can we skip the color commentary and just have andy go out there and fire her?
toby:  he- he cant do that.turns out shes allowed to have feelings of sexual arousal.it doesnt become a violation until she physically acts on it.
group:  no!
oscar:  toby, how do you propose that we-
andy: whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. why is phyllis so aroused?
pam:  shes listening to 50 shades of grey.
andy:  well there you go. thats muy caliente.
dwight:  ok, you are useless. ill take care of this. 
phyllis:  what the hell?!
dwight:  its ok guys, shes no longer horny.
andy:  excuse me, dirty birdie 
phyllis:  wait, what?
andy:  you can have this back at the end of the day. oh!!
dwight:  clark, i need your advice. im having some lady troubles.
clark:  whats her name?
dwight:  esther ruger. 
clark:  sweet.
dwight:  lives on the neighboring farm. 85 acres.
clark:  oh yeah. keep talkin.
dwight:  well, weve been out three times, there has been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog, next thing i know he wants to lease a tractor with me.
clark:  oh.
dwight:   what do you think?
clark:  the same thing that you think.
dwight:  a long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship.
clark:  god, one of my buddies is going through the same thing right now. something in the air.
angela:  here you go. and good for you dwight, im so glad you found someone. i bet shes got kind eyes.
angela:  dwight is dating a brussel sprout farmer named esther.shes coming here this afternoon with her father.who knows? maybe shell be pulling the horse cart! 
pam:   cici has been calling me ‘pamela. like four times this week.
jim:  oh man. 
pam:  i wonder if shell start calling you ‘jim.
jim:  oh boy, please dont. lets not let that happen.
pam:   um.
jim:  what was i gonna- what was i gonna say?
pam:  youre- you know your assistant told me that you have a big pitch meeting today. with ryan howard. how did that happen?
jim:  not that ryan howard. um, the phillies first baseman.
pam:  oh, oh ok.
jim:  yeah, yeah. exactly.
pam:   um, ok. well?
jim:  yeah. so, uh, ill uh, talk to you later?
pam:  yeah, sounds good. ok.
jim:  ok great.
pam:  ok.
jim:  bye.
pam:  bye.
kevin:   whats going on? oh, did gangnam style put out a new song?
oscar:  theres a promo for the new documentary on the web.
phyllis:  play it again.
promo voice:   the boss.  the workers.  the lives.  the loves.  the people. the paper. the office: an american workplace. coming soon on wvia.
kevin:  whoa. you go to the bathroom for 45 minutes and everything changes.
kevin:  this is a documentary? oh, i always thought we were like specimens in a human zoo.
kevin:   did you see this? 
angela:  your screen is all black. you just unplugged your computer.
clark:   oh my god, is that you and jim?
pam:  uh huh.
clark:  jeez, you fell in love with that hair? really?  yikes. that is awful.
pam:  it wasnt so bad.
andy:  guys, are you reading the online comments? somebody commented on my banjo playing. “banjo at 0:19 is aight” internet, calm down! i must be really connected with this guy.i mean thats the guys name, right? chobblegobbler?
jim:  hey man, how you doin? jim halpert.
ryan howard:  nice to meet you. eat fresh.
darryl:  hey, man. darryl.
ryan howard:  hey there, ryan. nice to meet you. eat fresh.  eat fresh.
jim:  lets go to the conference room.
dwight:  esthers on her way up. i wonder if she wants a snack. lets see, i know she likes apples and carrots.
angela:  i bet she does.i bet shell eat them right out of your hand with those big strong teeth.
dwight:  did i tell you about her teeth?
erin:  hey dwight, you have some guests. i think theyre from the forest where we harvest our paper.
angela:  yes.
dwight:  ah, the ruger family. welcome.
mr. ruger:  fine office you have here. sturdy walls.
dwight:  yes. esther, you look radiant as always.
esther:  thank you. 
angela:  i guess men find esther attractive.i mean if there are chubby chasers, then there are men that like that….thing.
pam:  weird to see how we used to look in those promos. some of us have changed so much.
stanley:   weve all changed.
jim:  with our firm, youll be building equity for long after theyve retired your number.
darryl:  and we all know, baseball does not last forever.
ryan howard:  i look at these actors on tv and i think: “cmon, i can do that.”
jim:  right? 
ryan howard:  watch this: eat fresh. now what does that make you think of?
darryl:  subway sandwiches.
jim:  yep.
ryan howard:  how? i didnt say subway sandwiches. its called playing the subtext.
jim:  wow.
ryan howard:  i actually wrote a screenplay, its called “the big piece”
jim:  based on his nickname. like it already. let me guess, its autobiographical.
ryan howard:  half biopic and half superhero movie.a mild mannered professional baseball player, ryan howard-
jim:  ok
ryan howard:  -hits a home run into outer space. ball comes back with space dust on it, which transforms him into: the big piece.
darryl:  the space dust does it.
jim:  space dust.
darryl:  yeah.
ryan howard:  i actually brought a- some copies of my script if you guys wanna read it together.
jim:  sure, yeah.  hollywood.  alright.
darryl:  wow. yeah, we gonna read it.
jim:  ok, great.
kevin:  andy, are there documentary groupies?
andy:  of course there are!
kevin:  of course.
toby: a little ironic that im going to be kind of a tv star, because my last chad flendermen novel  was based on a murdered tv star. the small screen-
nellie:  oh, i dont care.
oscar:  hey guys, i just found another promo. its in danish. i guess its gonna start airing in denmark.
pam:  oh my god!
promo announcer:  
kevin:  what was that word they said when they showed me “skrald mand”? whats that mean in danish? cool guy? 
oscar:  dumpster man.
kevin:  cool. superhero.
angela:  what about me? “klokken tre pige”
oscar:  “three pm girl”
angela:  what? why would they…wait a second, wait a second! what was that?  oh! i didnt know they were filming then!
oscar:  it looks like the camera man was hiding behind the shelves.
phyllis:  wait. so they were filming all the time? even when we didnt know it?
angela:  oh my god. 
angela:  there was much more secret filming than i expected.  but i am fine with it, i mean it. i am.
oscar:  are you kidding me? its like half the show is secret footage.
meredith:  i am a very private person. i show em when i wanna show em. who wants a taste?  boob sauce!
group:  no!
oscar:  meredith!
angela:  come on!
nellie:  oh my god. do they film us at night when were sleeping?
oscar:  yes, erin. they film us at night when were sleeping. cause that makes great tv!
erin:  hey.
angela:  oscar.
oscar:  im sorry sweetie. this whole thing is just freaking me out.
oscar:  i have been very honest with you guys.in a way that could seriously impact the political career of a very good friend of mine.youre not going to use any of that, are you?
andy:  people, relax! we are killing it online. have you guys checked the comments? smokethatskinwagon says: “you guys are killing it!” i mean, were internet sensations guys!
angela:  i think we need to figure out whats going on. i might just take a little walk.
stanley:  yes, a little walk sounds like a good idea. 
oscar:  ok everyone, turn off your mikes.
angela:  we need to know more. did their shots have sound? what exactly did they get on tape?
erin:  i sneezed into my hands without using purell and then dipped into the candy jar.did they film that?
nellie:  my first week here i sneezed directly into the candy jar because i thought id get more  i thought id get more screen time than anyone.
pete:  ok, pam. why dont you visit your buddy, the crew guy that got fired? find out what they got.
pam:  brian?
pete:  yeah.
pam:  yeah, i guess i could.
stanley:  hurry pam, i need to know how much hellfire is going to rain down on me.
phyllis:  i thought terry knew about cynthia?
stanley:  she does. but neither of them know about lydia.
group:  oh!
meredith:  wow.
clark:  whoa! whoa! ok, so whats this lever do?
ruger sister 1:  that manipulates the secondary shaft.
clark:  oh, the secondary shaft. eeeh, oooga! 
salesmen:  the lift capacitys up at two thousand pounds. thats a lot of beets.
mr. ruger:  lets talk terms. if you agree to a forty sixty split on this tractor, ill store it in one of my barns.
dwight:  mr. ruger, are you trying to take advantage of me because im interested in your daughter? fifty fifty split or no deal.
mr. ruger:  esther, get in the truck.
dwight:  ok ok ok, wait! you win. 
salesman:  lets get the paperwork started.
ruger sister 2:  we should buy an auger together.
clark:  oh, yeah. yeah.
ruger sister 1:  you would be a great one to buy an auger with.
stanley:   hello, honey? i just spoke to the tv repair man, he says we need to keep our tvs turned off for a couple of months. something about the wiring.
andy:  oh! seven new comments. “the guy at 0:19 is hawt!”  “hi bongripper, its me, andy. the guy from 0:19, im glad that you enjoyed my work in that promo. i really enjoyed your comment, going to read some more comments now. have a great day!” “hes not hawt, hes gay.”  “dear jasonjasonjason, its me, andy. nice name. not! guess what? im not gay! so you are an idiot. and i am hawt, according to people on this site who have a brain. never comment on this page ever again.”  “he is hawt!” see, thank you, thats more like it. “he is butt.” god dammit! im about to lose my freaking mind! screw you texaspoontappa! uh!
dwight:  security deposit. thats been-
mr. ruger:  standard.
dwight:  right, standard.
clark:  hey, can i talk to you for one second?
dwight:  no.
clark:  one second.
dwight:  no.
clark:  one second.
dwight:  i am closing a deal on a tractor with the father of a woman i plan to inseminate.
clark:  dont do it. 
dwight:  what? dont you cap that pen. do not cap that pen! do not! ugh! you capped it. wow. you are serious. ok, youve got two minutes and then the cap comes off.
clark:  dude, were being conned.
dwight:  go on.
clark:  these chicks are way too hot to be into us.esthers just pretending to like you so that youll buy her daddy a new tractor.
dwight:  no.
clark:  yes. her sisters trying to seduce me into buying an auger with her.
dwight:  what? has the warranty expired on the auger you have now?
clark:  i dont even know what an auger is!
dwight:  no woman would ever want a man who doesnt know what an auger is.
mr. ruger:  hey, you ready to sign?
dwight:  i just need a moment to consider your offer. excuse me. 
brian:  oh, hey!
pam:  hey!
brian:  hi. 
pam:  hi, um. im sorry, do you have a minute? is this a bad time?
brian:  no, no, please, yeah, come on in. its good to see you. sorry, my place is usually not this-
pam:  oh my gosh, please, dont.
brian:  yeah, no, i- actually its always like this.  do you want to go outside? its a little less cluttered out there.
pam:  sure, yeah. yeah.
brian:  let me grab a couple drinks.
pam:  ok.  oh wow, you have a nice view.
brian:  alright, thats for you. 
pam:  oh, thank you.
brian:  cheers.
pam:  cheers.
angela:   alright, how much have you revealed on camera about your relationship with the senator?
oscar:  they caught us kissing on halloween.
angela:  oh! he was dressed like ronald reagan! 
oscar:  oh!
angela:  god!
oscar:  angela! well he kissed like jack kennedy!
angela:  oh!  stop it! stop kissing him! someone needs to call and warn him. this could ruin his career.
oscar:  well, i dont like giving him bad news.
angela:  call him!
oscar:  you call him!
angela:  call him! 
oscar:  stop hitting me!
angela:  call him! call him!
oscar:  no!
brian:  so…
pam:  so..
brian:  what brings you by?
pam:  well, the promo for the documentary aired today.
brian:  oh yeah, thats right.
pam:  yeah. its kinda crazy.
brian:  yeah, it is.
pam:  see all this like old stuff, like um, theres that shot of jim and i up on the roof?
brian:  oh yeah, that was, that was a good moment.
pam:  yeah, wasnt that neat?
brian:  yeah, it was cool.
pam:  yeah, and theres this one when we were listening to music and its like, its like w were in love and we didnt even know we were in love and its…but- do you think jims changed?
brian:  um…
pam:  im sorry. did that? that was out of the blue-
brian:  no no, its-
pam:  i just mean because you know us and you like observed us for ten years and i feel like hes- i just feel like…hes so into his work right now and….i dont know, am i crazy?
brian:  no, youre not crazy.
pam:  well, i wish that made me feel better. listen, so everybody saw the promos and theyre kinda freaking out.  cause it seems like you got a lot of private stuff on camera-
brian:  yeah.
pam:  you know, stuff people didnt intend for everyone to see. and they kinda want to know how much.
brian:  they want to know how much what?
pam:  how much stuff you got.
brian:  pretty much everything.
pam:  well yeah, but what if we turned our mike packs?
brian:  theyve got parabolic mikes, they can pick you up a hundred yards away, so…no if you were around there, they got you.
pam:  so we basically had no privacy for ten years.
brian:  thats not really true, i mean-
pam:  um…yeah, i gotta, i gotta go.
brian:  oh no, hang on a second. pam, im sorry, i- i- i can explain this so much better.
pam:  no i think you explained it.
brian:  look, if you give me a chance i can, i-  pam.
jim:  “together we will win this baseball game against the evil space yankees. eat fresh.”
ryan howard:  thatll pay for the exploding helicopter.
jim:  smart.
ryan howard:  “suddenly, the evil thugs break in to the stadium.the big piece hits baseballs at the evil thugs.”
jim:  “buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks.”
ryan howard:  come on man, sell it!
darryl:  yeah, jim.
jim:   “buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks!”
ryan howard:  yeah, thats better. a bunch of hot women go: “oh yeah!”
jim:  “megan, i was too shy to tell you this when i was just a normal professional baseball player, but i love you.”
ryan howard:  “they kiss. it is super emotional. like in toy story.”
jim:  wow. i tell you what, its really strong. i cant wait to read the rest of it later and see how it ends.
darryl:  its so strong.
ryan howard:  keep reading then.
jim:  “gotta go! darth vaders launching a huge attack.”
ryan howard:  um another thing. im gonna need you to get me the rights to darth vader.
jim:  i dont know how wed go about doing that.
darryl:  we can look into it.
jim:  well look into it.
ryan howard:  we need darth.
jim:  we gotta get him.
darryl:  well go after darth then.
jim:  were gonna go get him.
darryl:  thats what we gotta do.
jim:  were gonna get him.
dwight:  maybe youre right. esthers a ten and the best ive ever done is angela whos a nine and she rejected me.
clark:  a scranton nine, but yeah, point taken. hey, lets go out tonight and just score a couple fours huh? i mean there are no games with fours.
dwight:  who needs a new tractor anyway? maybe were the kinda guys who end up with a tractor thats already been rode hard and put away muddy.
clark:  screw new tractors. guys like us, we gotta plant our seed a different way.
dwight:  by hand.
esther:  dwight, we need to talk.
dwight:  i dont know that theres anything left for us to talk about, esther.
esther:  look, were gonna have the tractor for the same amount of work days but my dad is planning on leasing it to the vanderkirk brothers on the weekends.
dwight:  no.
esther:  so youre going to be paying more, but hes putting on ten times the miles and hes pocketing a profit behind your back.
dwight:  that snake!
esther:  you need to tell him you want a deal based on miles or he can just stick that tractor where the sun dont shine.
dwight:  that shady grove out by willards pond.
esther:  mmhm.
dwight:  so, youre fine with me not leasing the tractor? i mean, our courtship can proceed?
esther:  of course.  you didnt just think i was tractor bait, did you?
dwight:   no!
clark:  hey dwight, whats an auger used for?
dwight:  post hole digging. 
esther:  stupid.
senator:   youve reached senator robert lipton, please leave a message. 
oscar:  oh you?
angela:  no you go. hi honey!
oscar:  hey, hey robert!
angela:  its angela and oscar.
oscar:  hey.
angela:  just a few quick things.
oscar:  um the documentarys going to be airing soon, and, and you look great in the promos.
angela:  oh you look so handsome! very presidential.
oscar:  very much so.
angela:  yeah.
oscar:  absolutely.
angela:  yeah!
oscar:  hey, i get the sense youre gonna be outed as gay.
angela:  yes and i cheated on you with dwight, it looks like they got it on film. i didnt tell you about it.
oscar:  i think thats it!
angela:  i think were good.
oscar:  done!
angela:  bye!
oscar:  ok!
angela:  love you!  god.
andy:   hey! texaspoontappa and jasonjasonjason and all the rest of you haters out there! check this out. 
nellie:  good night andy.
andy:  huh? yeah, see ya.  oh! what?! 
promo announcer:  
pam:  i hope you got sound on everything. id love a dvd of that. 
