dwight:  stone and son suit warehouse recently lost their paper provider. theyre a family owned business . jim and i used to clean up at those. wed go in pretending to be family – brothers. we did it at a family owned law firm, at a family owned construction company, and a family owned motorcycle store.jim and dwight shrupert. i was the dynamic, likeable winner that was doted upon by mom. and jim was the closeted foot fetishist pretending to belong. the client never knew any of that, but i knew.
dwight:   i hope youve been paying your wig storage bills jimbo, because its time for another episode of “handsome and stinky, paper brothers for hire”.
jim:  sorry, stinky, cant do it. too busy.
dwight:  oh, god, this again? youre stinky.
jim:  okay. theres no possible way i can get there, so just ask phyllis. she can be your older sister or something.
dwight:  phyllis, my sister? more like my dead great great grandmother who died of stupidity.
phyllis:  i have ears, dwight.
dwight:  oh, do you really have ears, phyllis? like all human beings? we all have ears.  see what you leave me with here, jim?
jim:  hey, im in philadelphia right now.
dwight:  how is that my problem? get in your car and drive down here. you can make it in 30 minutes if you drive 240 miles per hour.
jim:  huh. how long would it take me if i drove 300 miles an hour?
dwight:  mmm. thats a good… question. 300 times…  180… um that comes to 25 minutes.  yes. oh, well, thank you jim. yes, i am better than you. thanks for acknowledging that. okay, bye bye. love you.
nellie:  darryl, looking good!
darryl:  heading to philly. interview with jims company.
pam:  hey, good luck. when you get to philly, will you tell jim i miss him?
darryl:  why dont you come along and tell him yourself?
pam:  ha ha. thatd be great. kind of like ditching school, except instead of getting suspended, you get… what do you get? oh my god! why didnt i think of this? andys not here. oh, hey, erin, um, im expecting a shipment of pens. can you cover that?
erin:  mhm. cover that. what does that mean, exactly? what are we talking here? details.
pam:  a delivery guy will deliver a box of pens, and you just make sure everythings in order.
erin:  what? everything? what, how do i make sure its in order? i  havent been trained for this.
pam:   okay, see you later.
clark:  hey guys.
phyllis:  clark!
meredith:  hey!
oscar:  hey, look whos back, dwight junior.
kevin:  hey, so how was it? i mean… the sex with jan.
clark:  a gentleman doesnt discuss such matters. especially when the feelings of a lady are involved.
clark:  women reach their sexual peak at whatever age jan was last week. i mean it was… like making love with a wild animal. but not like a cougar like you might think. it was uh… like a swarm of bees. bees that just find something wrong with every hotel room.
meredith:  nothing wrong with being a gentleman. like my mom used to say, “talk classy, act nasty”.
clark:  whats with the wig meredith?
meredith:  what, is it on backwards? 
clark:  nope, you got it. you fixed it. uh, i have a gift from jan. its an espresso maker! we came to be quite fond of espresso on the amalfi coast so… bon appetite.
phyllis:  ooo! 16 types of espresso! now thats italian.
oscar:  my friend has one of these. fool-proof espresso every time.
meredith:  always with the friends oscar. cant we just enjoy the new espresso machine?
oscar:  actually, its pronounced “espresso”… wait. thats what you said. i apologize, i just assumed you would mispronounce it. so…
dwight:  there he is!  we are all so proud of you for the small part that you played in landing the white pages. prouder of me, but…
clark:  if you really want to show appreciation, just give me half the commission.
dwight:  gosh, you know, i wish i could but, uh… no. hey, listen, remember how everyone used to call you dwight junior and how much you loved that?
clark:   i loved it.
dwight:  how would you like to pretend to by my son in order to land a sale?
clark:  if itll lead to me being a salesman, ill pretend to be your friend.
dwight:  then looks like we have a deal… son 
erin:  hi guys!
pete:  hey, look who it is!
erin:  sorry. super-busy. pens coming in later, just grabbing a java before all hell breaks loose.
oscar:  try this one. 
erin:  thank you! 
erin:  i dont really have time to think about pete right now. i just have a lot going on with this whole shipment of pens. and i have a lot of people trusting me, and i would feel super guilty if i broke anyones trust. about the pens.
pam:  you ready for your interview?
darryl:  i was born ready! no, i suck at interviews. i had andys job in the bag until my interview.
pam:  well, you shouldnt be nervous about this. this is a tiny start-up with a bunch of guys just as dorky as jim.
darryl:  yeah, i guess…
pam:  really, you cant be scared of a room full of jims. i love the guy, but hes basically gumby with hair. 
dwight:  you know, youre right! we hadnt even thought of that, had we boy? 
clark:  no, we sure hadnt pop. 
dwight:   oh! youre a hunter i see. spend your early mornings out in the blinds, like clarky and me. huh? 
clark:  he calls me clarky ‘cause hes my dad.
dwight:  guilty!
clark:  my dad is the best hunter there is. i mean, hes like a serial killer… of animals. one time, he snuck up behind a sleeping deer and just sawed its head right of. it was sick! 
dwight:  it was his birthday, just turned three. so…
oscar:  you guys, i kind of think i want to try them all. is that crazy?
nellie:  no. look, without a taste test, how are we supposed to know which flavors we like to reorder?
kevin:  taste test? im in!
oscar:  yolo! 
phyllis:  what? 
oscar:  its a thing. it means “you only live once”.
kevin:  yeah, were aware of what it means oscar, you just do not look cool saying it.
oscar:  well…
kevin:  alright everybody, whos in?  angela?  dont make us come over there.
angela:  no, i dont… no.
kevin:  alright, lets go. 
angela:  cant i just agree without putting my hand in?
nellie:  absolutely not!
kevin:  no way.
angela:  oh, fine. 
kevin:  ok guys, “we all drink them all”.
everyone:   we all drink them all!
kevin:  yes!
oscar:  yes!
nellie:  whoo!
phyllis:  hey, wheres my ring?
creed:  im sure itll turn up.
dennis:  …and i want to reach every demographic possible.
jim:  no, i hear what youre saying, and we will. the thing is, we gotta lock down this key demographic first. the rest will come, i promise. just give me a couple weeks, alright?
dennis:  were talking weeks here, not months, right?
jim:  weeks. always weeks. man, the last time i talked months was like, a million weeks ago.
dennis:  alright. good.
jim:  thanks dennis, i appreciate it.  hey! how are you?
pam:  good!
jim:  what are you doing here?
pam:  i just wanted to see you!
jim:  thats so great!
darryl:  damn! jim, you got a real facebook energy going on here man. you zuckerberged this place out!
jim:  its pretty great, right? i mean, were coming along…  hey, wade, we gotta just push up denniss timeline
wade:  okay
jim:   actually, you know what? give me one second, okay? make yourselves at home.
dwight:  …but i think that all of your concerns will be answered when you see the brochure that clarks getting out of my car. hes a good boy, does whatever i say.
dwight:  oh… really.
dwight:   well, things between me and clark are good, but not great. in fact, i will say that theyre not even good. really, theyre bad. like you and your son.
clark:   here you go, pop! i know it was just a couple minutes, but… god i missed you!
dwight:  what took you so long? were you loitering out there like a hooligan, smoking a doobie?
clark:   i sure was. just like he taught me, looking cool.
dwight:  youre being disrespectful!
clark:  …and i love you, for saying that.
dwight:   we dont get along.
clark:   ha ha! i just burned him. because the truth is… our relationship is… terr-
dwight:  terrible!
clark:  terrible.
dwight:  yes! genius. stupid, stupid genius!
pam:  wow, this place is… so great. i had no idea – on the phone, you made it sound kind of dinky.
jim:  well, i mean, i dont even have the paycheck yet. it is a startup, so… these things go down all the time.
darryl:  if this companys going down, i wanna go down on it. with it. i wanna go down with it.
jim:   are you cool to just hang out?
pam:  sure, no problem.
jim:  yeah?  you ready?
darryl:  yeah.
jim:  lets do it!
erin:  the pen delivery went amazing, and now ive got all these pens just waiting to be unpacked. but pam did not tell me to unpack the pens, and im not one of those people whos just like, “uh, sure. ill accept the pens when they come in, and then as soon as your backs turned, i unpack the pens and get all this credit as some great pen unpacker. on the other hand… they are just sitting here. pam didnt tell me not to unpack them. dont want to be a busybody, but i dont want to be a lazybones. busybody, lazybones. busybody, lazybones. ahh! my brain is ping-ponging around in my head right now, its insane! im sorry, what was your question again? oh yeah, no. ive never had an espresso before. theyre good though.
nellie:  a-bam!  my favorite is viennese amaretto. and the worst flavor ive tried so far is alpine select!
kevin:  yes! 
angela:  ugh!
kevin:  one! 
angela:  kevin! kevin! kevin!
kevin:  two… 
angela:  stop it!
kevin:  three…
oscar:  thats enough kevin.
angela:  stop it kevin!
kevin:  four!
oscar:  thats enough!
angela:  kevin!
clark:  so for your menswear catalogue, i think we can offer you some very competitive pricing.
clark:  well, i understand, but –
dwight:  i bet you have. he knows nothing about what people have heard before, my son.
clark:  here we go again, another lecture from the old man.
dwight:  maybe if you listened a little bit, youd improve. no wonder women despise you.
clark:  women dont despise me…
dwight:  his last girlfriend was a transvestite. i knew it right away. adams apple like the prow of a ship, thumbs like a lowland gorilla. ha, but this one couldnt see it, or didnt wanna see it.
clark:  alright, thats enough, ‘cause i can say some things about him too.
dwight:  yeah? like what?
clark:  like the time that you got drunk and, and then… killed those kids on their way to prom!
dwight:  that never happened. hes always been a liar. ever since he was a little kid. he got caught “saving treats” from the kitty litter box.
clark:  so we can offer you matte or glossy printing-
dwight:  glistening brown morsels tumbling from every pouch in his trousers.
clark:  theres obviously a volume discount uh, if you-
dwight:  following the cat around on his knees with his hands cupped beneath its tail, going “please kitty, may i have some more?” you cant make this stuff up!
clark:  no, i think someone could make it up. someone with very few friends.
suit store son:  hey fellas, sorry to keep you waiting.
dwight:   got cat turd collector written all over him.
suit store son:  …did you say cat turd collector?
darryl:  “mandate”- always think of two men on a date.  i have gay friends… i have one gay friend.  oscar?
jim:  mm-hm
darryl:   ummm…  alright. obviously yall look really busy, and uh, i dont want to waste your time anymore. sorry, i just uhh… obviously im not qualified to be here man, im…im a warehouse manager, you know…
jim:  and as you know, i was a paper salesman.  hey, i find it helps if you just picture everybody naked. 
darryl:  cool. hey, thanks…
darryl:  yes, as a matter of fact, i uh…  i wrote some down. there you go.  wow, this guy came prepared, it impresses me! 
stanley:  ah! so, this is what 2:00 p.m. looks like around here!
stanley:  i usually take a siesta about now.
pete:   stocking pens, huh? youre like the new office administrator.
erin:  no, i just took over the pen shipment because pam had to leave. when i say it out loud, i know that sounds insane, but its the truth, i swear.
kevin:  pam! pam, look out! erins gunning for your job!
erin:  no, im not!  its not like that at all! forget it, im so sorry.
kevin:  pam, look out!
erin:  pens, you did not buy into this. i am sorry, what a day youve had.
pam:  thats sweet that he talks about me.
pam:  well, thats funny because i think of him as working part time in philadelphia.
suit store son:  im sorry, you guys are here to sell us paper?
dwight:  do you mind? the men are talking.
dwight:  us old timers need to stick together. and how better than by signing a contract?
suit store son:  okay pop…
dwight:  wait, so youre the boss?
suit store son:  thats right.
clark:  hi, im clark.
suit store son:  hey.
clark:  lets talk.
suit store son:  okay.
clark:  so if you look at our catalog here…
darryl:  yeah, yeah me too. i think itd be like… you know what?  i think itd be like a kevin durant jump shot… perfecto!  oh my god…
pam:  theyre the ones who put a fish tank next to a basketball hoop. its like if i put a glass of milk on the edge of the table and cece knocks it over, i dont blame cece.
darryl:  so im like a three year old girl in this scenario…
pam:  say they dont hire you. its not like youre out on the street. you have a great job with people who love you.
darryl:  and id only get to see jada on the weekends. you know, im… im not so sure id like living in philadelphia.
pam:  right? thank you! its just philly. everyones acting like its new york or paris or london.
darryl:  who needs it?
pam:  not us.
jim:   okay, so the consensus was that that was unique. theyre going to make you pay for the fish, and… they wanted to know when you can start.
darryl:  what?  how about yesterday?
pam:  congratulations.
darryl:  oh, thank you.
pam:  i guess you gotta move to philly after all.
darryl:  yes, i love philly! two-one-five or die!
pam:  no, im not upset. im really excited for darryl… maybe im a little disappointed that well be losing him.
kevin:  it feels really hot in here. is it hot in here? it feels really really hot in here.
oscar:  its insane! they need to have the a.c. on year round! january too!
angela:   i dont get the point of this stupid window!
clark:  i mean, look, you and i both know that in paper or fashion, styles change. check out my dads suit. you are looking at pure acrylic. thats why his face always breaks out.
suit store son:  does that suit come with a fire extinguisher? 
clark:  you know what dad? maybe you should buy me a suit. i mean, im going to need one right? if im ever going to get a “real job” and move my “lazy ass” out of your “g.d. house”.
suit store son:  hes got you there…
suit store son:   thats italian silk. very comfortable. very tasteful… although expensive.
dwight:  yeah, you dont want italian. youll look like a mafia don. next thing you know, youll be doing life in rikers island.
clark:  well, thats better than looking like the undertaker from boring island.
dwight:  that place doesnt exist. its not a documented island. ha ha, cartograph much?
clark:   how do i look?
dwight:  actually… you look great. they steered you right. i guess it does make sense buying from a father son team. you know what? ill take one too.
oscar:  everyone! now that we have all this energy, why dont we move the copier into the annex like weve always wanted to?
nellie:  whoo!
meredith:  frickin a!
oscar:  huh?
kevin:  so long, noise!
oscar:  one, two, three! 
nellie:  and we have torn up the carpet! oh, were going to be in so much trouble!
oscar:  wait!  its beautiful. hardwood! i always knew it was down here, i just never dreamed that i would actually see it.
meredith:  tear up the carpet!
nellie:  whoo!
darryl:  kill their fish, and they still hire me. thats how you do that, baby. its all good, im ready. yall ready for this? 
pam:   everybody dance now… 
oscar:  kevin, move. i cant pull up the rug if youre standing on it with your rhinoceros feet.
kevin:  well i cant stand here if you pull the carpet out from under me.
angela:  oh, my head is killing me. does anyone have a baby asprin?
nellie:  oh, enough with the whining already! why dont you just have some more coffee?
stanley:  its all gone. i didnt get a chance to try them all because creed poured my bogota sunrise in the plant.
creed:  i saw the leaves twitch!
angela:  shut up!
creed:  you shut up!
oscar:  everybody shut up and work!
phyllis:  we dont work for you!
kevin:  yeah!
angela:  yeah!
stanley:  hey, its five oclock. 
oscar:   kevin, can-
angela:  whats going on?
dwight:  yes! we did it! 
clark:  you opened the door-
dwight:  and you closed it. the boys are back in town.  high fives! ha ha!
clark:  hey, so all that really specific cat turd business, that was about you, right?
dwight:  you got me!  i used to collect them!
clark:  why?
dwight:  each one is very different, like a snowflake.
pam:   hey… what happened here?
erin:  you left me in charge of the pens, pam. thats what happened. the pens happened.
pam:  …are the pens here?
