kevin:  to me, the sixers are a five seed tops.
jim:  i think theyre going to the conference finals.
kevin:  no.
jim:  bynum, obvious monster and the three point shooting, dont even-… 
jim:  i bit my lip at lunch today.
darryl:  sucks. anyway, i just dont see it. the knicks are tough.the nets are tough.
kevin:  oh, the nets are super tough.
jim:  now i have this big bump in my lip that hurts. i hate it.
kevin:  the hawks are terrible. theyre always terrible.
jim:  okay, you need to think about it before you come with the… 
jim:  whatever. its not a big deal. you know i always tell my three year old, if this is the worst thing thats gonna happen… you gotta be kidding me! ok! pam! thats it, im going home!
erin:  good morning, meredith.
pam:  what?
erin:  oh, sorry, pam. yikes.
pam:  jims been spending a few days a week in philly and im not gonna lie, its been challenging. yesterday, things took a turn for the worse. i found out cece has lice. so i was up all night disinfecting every sheet, towel, toy, item of clothing in the entire house. im exhausted. but dont tell jim. he has a huge meeting today, under a lot of pressure and hes doing it all for the family.
jim:  i am meeting dr. j today, otherwise known as julius irving, famed 76er and my own personal hero. but i have to be careful not to rub it in pams face because lets be honest, how would i feel if i was at home stuck with the kids while she was go carting with john stamos.
jim:   you sound tired. everything ok?
pam:  great. everythings great. hey are you nervous about your big meeting?
jim:  uhh, a little bit. its a lot of pressure, you know, but thats what i signed up for right?
worker:  jim, limos here.
jim:  uh, you know what, i gotta hop off because my, uh, taxi is here to take me to the meeting.
pam:  oh, call me later!
jim:  ok
pam:  good luck!
jim:  thanks!
pam:  love you.
jim:  love you too. bye.
val:  how you doing?
darryl:  alright. i mean, its what you want, so…
val:  its how it has to be.
darryl:  i know, i know. its just hard.
darryl:  me and val were going nowhere and if im gonna be working in philly, im gonna need my freedom. so, i convinced val to breakup with me. heres how you do it. you say, “what are you gonna do, breakup with me?” like its a joke, and then you gain a lot of weight.
darryl:  ill never be sorry, not for a moment of it.
val:  me neither. come here. 
pam:  hey meredith, i need your supplier requests today.
meredith:  jeez h. in the morning. will you stop your nagging already? no wonder jim left you.
pam:  he didnt leave me. he just went part time.  can you just fill out the form please?
meredith:  yes.
pam:  im sure shes just confused. people scratch their heads when theyre confused. not always like an ape, the way meredith just did, but it happens.
meredith:  hurry up already.
erin:  trust me, i know what im doing. between the foster homes and the orphanage, i had lice 22 times.
erin:  holy wow, thats a big one. alright, pencils down everyone, we got lice!
angela:  oh god, meredith, lice? did you not sign a pledge to shower?
dwight:  what? lice? oh my god. lock the doors, we are on full quarantine.
pam:  dwight, relax. its just lice. maybe, possibly.
dwight:  just lice pam?
dwight:  of all of the vermin in gods great green kingdom, lice are the ones i detest the most. my first day of school, i had lice, and no one would play with me. for 15 years, they called me freak and four eyes and sci-fi nerd and girl puncher. all because i had lice when i was 7.
dwight:  make way, nope, inspect me.
erin:  oh, this is the cleanest scalp ive ever seen. you are all clear.
dwight: should be. i use lice shampoo every morning. 
pam:  stop that!
angela:  dwight!
erin:  next!
angela:   geez meredith, you know, this is an office not one of your bean bag orgies.
pam:  alright, lets give her a break. we dont know for sure this is merediths fault.
oscar:  pam, really? come on.
meredith:  hey, what do you want? i know who i am. nobodys taken meredith palmer to the opera to meet the queen.
erin:  lice. more lice.  angela has lice.
angela:  ew! oh.
erin:   ooh yabber, lice!
erin:   yikers, lice.
pam:  no! how? im so clean!
erin:   oh yeah, big time lice.
oscar:  i wash my hands at least six times a day. toilet seat covers? yes, thank you, even when i pee. apparently, none of that is protection enough. not when it comes to meredith.
phyllis:  what are you wearing?
dwight:  its a hazmat suit. that stands for hazaderous materials mens suit wearing. if you rent more than four times a year, it just makes sense to buy. is there anyone else here that is lice free?  excellent. do you have your own hazmat suits?
nellie:  no.
kevin:  no.
dwight:  renters. ok, im gonna need you to gather your belongings, retreat to the warehouse, conduct your business there until the infected have been deloused. lets get going. im gonna stay here and fight. if you dont hear from me by lunch, call me. i might want lunch.
darryl:  alright, were going down to my warehouse, that means were playing by my rules. no messing with the baler and be cool in front of me and val. we just broke up.
phyllis:  you got dumped?
darryl:  yeah, she ended things.
nellie:  breakups are the worst. the only thing that got me through mine are large amounts of shepards pie and brandy. the singer, not the drink.
kevin:  here man.  you need that more than me.
darryl:  thanks, man.
kevin:  yeah 
pam:  guys, i think we should all ease up on meredith. this has got to be hard for her.
angela:  oh, no no no no no. i have not yet begun to shame.
stanley:  thats it. im getting my stuff. im leaving for the day.
erin:  no! stanley! if you leave now then youll get it in your car and then youll get it in your house! 
stanley:  get off me!
erin:  im trying to save you from yourself!
stanley:  alright, ill stay! theres a pencil broken in my rolls.
pam:  maybe it was meredith. maybe she brought in lice that are totally different than the lice that i got from cece. so lets not jump to the simplest conclusion that she got her lice from me. that is how wars get started. fine, ill tell her it was me.
jim:  oh man, thats fresh squeezed. and, uh are all the snacks complimentary?
limo driver:  yeah, take some home if you want.
jim:  oh no, no, no. thats ok.  um im sorry, is this the conference center?
limo driver:  no, mr. irving called. said hed rather meet you at his private court.
jim:  you gotta be kidding me.
pam:  hey, meredith i need to tell you something.
meredith:   yes, pam what do you want?
pam:  oh my god, meredith what are you doing!?
meredith:  baking a cake, what does it look like im doing? getting rid of the lice.
pam:  oh stop! i am so sorry!
meredith:  oh, can you hold that thought? thats my wax. you know, i think these critters migrated from down south. what were you saying?
pam:  nothing.
pam:  i am going to tell her, but now is clearly not the time.i will buy her a wig, well have a few laughs. theres a right way to do this.
dwight:  scalp leeches, skull vampires, follicle gypsies, hair lawyers. one thing is clear, its kill or be killed!
erin:  no, no. its more of a nuisance really. its not that big a deal. so, i collected your hats and your coats…
dwight:  to be burned!
erin:  to be washed.
angela:  what do we do about our heads?
dwight:  im not gonna lie. lye!
erin:  no, all we need is mayonnaise.
angela:  excuse me?
pam:  shes right, it works. i would imagine.
erin:  yes, it helps to suffrocate the little buddies and its a really healthy alternative to the chemicals found in most lice shampoos.
oscar:  i can appreciate that. i also only eat local, organic produce.
meredith:   shaboom! how do you like me now!?
angela:  oh.
oscar:  wow.
meredith:  take a picture. it will last longer.
angela:  we dont want it to last longer. its horrible.
creed:  bald people make me sick.
meredith:  yeah, yeah, everybody pile on meredith. but im the only one with the balls to show them lice whos boss.
erin:  ok, nobody panic. if everybody just follows my instructions, then nobody else needs to end up bald. not that it looks bad, meredith. it looks…it looks awesome. you look like a baby who suddenly aged 50 years. a cute baby, but something sucked the life force out of it. im so sorry. we need mayonnaise! we need it now.
pam:  oh! uh, uh ill go.
angela:  okay. oh, thank you.
oscar:  youre a saint, pam.
pam: no, no, its not a big deal, please. no. um, meredith can i get you something special while im at the store, candy, or…or one of those stylish turbans?
meredith:  thanks pam! ill take a pack of nicorette gum and a pack of kools.
pam:  okay.
dwight:  lets talk pubes, people.
val:  hey, darryl.
darryl:  oh, hey val.
nellie:  oh, that was tragic, oh, that was like a car crash. i couldnt look away. you two clearly still have feelings for each other.
darryl:  yeah.
phyllis:  whats gonna make you feel better, big guy?
darryl:  when i was a kid, my grandmother used to make me chocolate cake when i wasnt feeling good. shes not around to do that anymore. im sorry, i just need a moment to myself just to clear my head.
nellie:  aw, poor darryl. i cant bear to see him suffer like this.
kevin:  i think he needs some hugs, and maybe some chocolate cake.
phyllis:  mmm, this wont help him, its a muffin, not cake.
nellie:  listen, lets try and get darryl the one thing in the world he clearly wants and needs the most.
kevin:  an escalade.
nellie:  or whats her name.
phyllis:  val.
nellie:  lets get darryl val.
julius irving:  i hope you dont mind me bringing you out here. i cant get my knees under a desk.
jim:  are you kidding me? i can literally scalp tickets to this.
julius:  well, do you think you can sink one from deep?
jim:  listen, i dont mean to intimidate you, but i did play a little high school ball.
julius:  okay.  wow, halperts got game.
jim:  alright.  oh, sorry. im so sorry. its my wife, can i take this?
julius:  its your wife? you better take it.
jim:  right!  hey, whats up? everything ok?
pam:  oh, no everythings great! um, i was just calling to see how the meeting went.
jim:  its still happening right now actually, so uh…
pam:  hes really making you work for it, huh?
jim:  yes, it is very stressful. you sure everythings okay?
pam:  great. i am killing it over here.  jim, i gotta go.
jim:  okay, bye.  so sorry about that.
julius:  no problem. hey jim, what size do you wear, man? i got a pair of japanese nikes with your name on them. what do you think?
jim:  i love it.
erin:   once its all over your head, just leavr it there for four hours. that will be enough time for the lice to fall asleep, suffrocate, and then pass away.
dwight:  oh sure, and when youre ready to get serious, come to me to get it done right. 
stanley:  put those away before you hurt yourself.
dwight:   oh god, oh no. no. no. no! no! no! no! no!
erin:  okay, its easier with a buddy, so everybody pair up.
angela:  oscar, do you want to be my partner?
oscar:  yeah, yeah, sure. id love to..
creed:  hey, uh, mayo buddy, five dollar tip, you unclog my ears. okay?
erin:  oh, creed, im so sorry. im…im already partners with pete, right pete?
pete:  uh, yeah. we promised each other if we ever got lice, wed buddy up. sorry, man.
pam:  hey, creed, wanna be my buddy?
creed:  oh god. stuck with the weirdo.
oscar:   angela.
angela:  you dont want bugs. you know? who knows where those bugs will end up?
meredith:   youre getting a bargain. i aint got no hair no more.
pam:   creed, im all done. my turn.
creed:  im sorry, pam. it looks a little messy.
pam:  well, wait.
pete:   hows that?
erin:  i feel it working.  eiffel tower!
val:  can i help you?
phyllis:  well, we dont want to pry but we heard you broke up with darryl.
val:  yeah, thats true.
phyllis:  we think you made a big, big mistake.
kevin:  big mistake.
nellie:  quite enormous.
phyllis:  hes a real catch and you should take him back.
val:  ok, thank you. is that all?
nellie:  no. no, that is not all. let me tell you what real life is like. the men dry up, and the nights get lonely. the only calls on your machine are for collection agencies about that pair of motorcycle boots you never even wore. you stalk your old high school boyfriend online, go to his daughters soccer games, and make a scene. you buy a diamond ring for yourself, wear it on your right hand, and tell yourself, youre all you need. one day, youre alone, tired. at your feet, a dying bird. but where did it come from? why did you kill it? is it because in some strange way it is you?
val:  thank you all for your concern, but im gonna have to ask you to leave, okay?
kevin:  so does this mean youre gonna take darryl back?
val:  no.
kevin:  well, then, what do you say to you and me hitting the town? ‘cause im free, literally forever.
val:  yeah, kevin asked me out. i was kinda feeling good about reentering the dating pool, but then kevin asked me out. thought i might trade up to a new level of man. then kevin asked me out.
pam:  hello?
helene:   hi, honey, its mom. look, ceces school just called. she still has lice.
pam:  what, no. that cant…i dont…
helene:  now, dont worry, dont worry. im on my way to pick her up, but you might have lice too. you know, lice can be tricky. sometimes lice, like…
angela:  oh my god.
meredith:  shave her head. shave her head!
pam:  you guys, i am so sorry! its just been so chaotic with jim gone, that…
meredith:  yeah yeah, princess fancypants let jane 12-pack over here take the fall.
dwight:   shes right pam.
pam:  is there a volume knob on that thing?
dwight:  yeah theres a volume knob on that thing.
pam:  meredith, i am so sorry.
angela:  well, a lot of good your sorrys are doing her now, pam. shes a monster.
pam:  i meant to say something earlier. i just…
meredith:  just? just what? just forgot?
meredith:  whos the one who didnt bring lice into the office? meredith. sure i gave everybody pink eye once, and my ex keyed a few of their cars, and yeah i bmed in the shredder on new years. but i didnt bring the lice in. that was all pam.
dwight:  attention, people of the office. you have exactly 60 secondes to evacutate the bull pen. at that time, i will be tossing this powerful insecticidal grenade, which contains piperonyl butoxide, as well as…
erin:  dwight, are you okay!?
dwight:  whoa. hypertoxide has a mild hallucigenic effect, but i dont think its kicked in yet. im gonna count down from ten. nine, yellow, cold, sad, purple. 
erin:  wow. he got to purple.
oscar:   ow!
angela:  sorry.
oscar:  youre waterboarding me!
angela:  oops.
kevin:  no, this is fine. we are allowed to do this. this is okay.
erin:  youre up.
pete:  yeah, im kinda sad to see this baby go.
erin:  you do kinda look like elvis, but we should probably wash all the dead lice out.
pete:  okay.
erin:  okay. okay.  is that too cold?
pete:  no, it actuallyfeels kinda nice.
kevin:  i wonder what happened over there. ive been sitting here the whole time. 
val:  okay.
darryl:  huh?
val:  lets give it a shot. lets make it work.
darryl:  oh, no. i mean, i want to, i just…i dont want to force you into something you dont want to do.
val:  youre not. i believe in us.
darryl:  but… 
darryl:  im back together with val. yay…
dwight:  i had a pretty good day today. not everything went exactly according to plan, but lice if you are watching, i am ready for you anytime, anywhere. 
pete:  hey, did erin already take off?
oscar:  i guess so.
pete:  okay.
julius:  youre kareem, coming to help.
jim:  okay, im kareem. that makes total sense. im kareem. youre dr. j. just sounds weird to say out loud.
julius:  and it went like this. 
jim:  and thats all?
julius:  thats it.
jim:  no one will believe this back home, but thats okay. let me show you how its done.
julius:  yeah, you show me how.
jim:   this is jim halpert, leave a message.
pam:  hey honey, its me. just trying to catch you before going home. um, oh, well just give me a call whenever. hope your day got better. love you.
meredith:  hey, what you doing right now?
pam:  im just gonna go home. my moms been watching the kids all day.
meredith:  let her stay another hour. lets go get a beer.
pam:  really? a beer sounds incredible right now.
meredith:  no duh. lets go. youre buying.
pam:  meredith, i am so sorry about today.
meredith:  forget about it.
pam:  i just did not realize how hard it was gonna be without jim. i mean, i really respect you for being a single mom all these years. it whipped my ass in half a week. i have to say, there are not a lot of people who could pull off a shaved head, but you are rocking it.
meredith:  right. i got the bartenders phone number when you were in the john. im gonna take that freak to bone town before the night is over.
pam:  get it, girl!
pam:   this ones for all you ladies out there.
meredith:   i come…
pam:  not yet.
both:   i come home in the middle of the night. my mother says when you gonna live your life right? oh mother dear, were not the fortunate ones. and girls, they want to have fun. oh girls just want to have fun.
