jim:  im taking some time off from work—well, my other work—because we needed it.
pam:  its great.
jim:  its great.
pam:  the phone has been ringing off the hook. the guys in philly are kind of going nuts.
jim:  but that doesnt matter. this does. its the only thing that matters. weve had some really nice days together.
pam:  nice morning, too.
jim:  beesly! oh, my god.
andy:  hey. which tie makes me look like a guy who likes sofas? my agents putting me up for a furniture commercial.
jim:  ah, definitely blue.
andy:  totally, right? so, big tuna, whats up? back in the small pond?
jim:  for now, yeah. i was spreading myself way too thin—
andy:  thin-sliced tuna. carpaccio. go on.
jim:  uh, well, it took me a while, but i finally realized that i cant give 100% to two things at once you know.
andy:  tell me about it, you know? ive been trying to act and manage this branch. half the time i dont know if im wearing my stage makeup or my work makeup.
jim:  huh. well, you know, you cant have everything so you gotta ask yourself what makes you the happiest. you just go all in for whats most important. thats my new thing.
oscar:   is everything ok?
angela:  no. everything is not okay. the county took my cats.
kevin:  wait, all of them?
angela:  two sacks worth. apparently my apartment complex has rules about how many pets are too many for a studio. and while i was out picking phillip up from daycare, they came. they came into my house.
oscar:  thats—thats awful, angela. im so sorry.
angela:  its the  that lives downstairs. shes this uptight, judgmental shrew. you know the type.
kevin:  ive never met anyone like that.
angela:  and theyre gone. and i have no one left. without my cats, i am utterly and completely alone.
oscar:  angela, you still have your son.
angela:  i guess.
dwight:  attention, everyone. may i have your attention? there are four new deadly weapons in this office.  basher, thrasher, crasher and—
jim:  smasher!
dwight:  smasher? no, whered you get that? fireball. this morning after hours of combat with some of the citys best teenagers i earned my black belt in goju ryu martial arts.
dwight:  i had to find a new dojo after sensei ira and i parted ways. my new sensei, sensei billy, thought i had more than enough training to take the test. turns out, sensei ira was a bit of a shyster. sensei billy says most students dont spend $150,000 over 20 years to get their black belt.
dwight:  i would like to invite you all to my black belt ceremony, right here in the office at lunch, lunch not provided.
jim:  fireball!
dwight:  ah!  thats how its done.
jim:  thats pretty good. i feel safe.
david wallace:  hey, erin. is andy in?
erin:  oh, is andy in? sorry, i thought you said “is indian” and was like, “is indian what?” is indian food good? is indian jewelry pretty? is indian hair an expensive kind of wig? yes, to all three, by the way.
erin:  lately, ive been having a lot of trouble keeping track of andys calendar. his student film audition schedule is crazy hectic.
erin:  yes, theres andy! andy is in. im a good receptionist, i know hes in.
andy:  david walrus, in his native habitat.
david wallace:  hey, andy. can we go in your office and talk?
andy:  yeah.
david wallace:  this isnt going to be an easy conversation. i told andy that he was on very thin ice when he snuck away from three months to the caribbean. then last week he used company money to buy a top-of-the-line photo printer. in his words, “the kind thats good for head shots.” and yesterday, he asked me to pay for cheek implants. claimed its gonna boost office morale. now, hes a good guy. but honestly, at some point, the ice gets too thin and you fall through. and that is when you get fired.
david wallace:  andy—
andy:  im gonna stop you right there. david, this documentary is going to air in two weeks. i feel like its a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to pursue my dream.
david wallace:  uh-huh, but—
andy:  every minute that i spend here is time not spent making audition videos for reality dating, cooking or singing shows. i got a real shot here. and ill never be able to forgive myself if i blew it because i was too focused on my stupid paper company job. no offense.
david wallace:  so you think youve been too focused on your job?
andy:  at my last head shot sitting, i was so distracted wondering what i was missing at work that i came across totally manic. and i was going for zany.
david wallace:  so you—you want to quit dunder mifflin to pursue acting?
andy:  well, no, actually. i see no reason to limit myself to just acting. i am pursuing fame of any kind. could be singing, could be dancing. i dont—it just… i owe it to myself and my future fans.
david wallace:  uh, well, i guess i cant stand in the way of a mans dream. and it seems like you have the gift.
andy:  thank you, david.
david wallace:  theres probably no way i can talk you into staying at this point, can i?
andy:  nope. i have made up my mind. im really sorry.
david wallace:  well, good luck.
andy:  thank you. not gonna need it.
david wallace:  okay.
david wallace:  well that kind of worked out.
creed:  i think just anybody could be a star. my postman, the night janitor here, but andy? no, definitely not. charisma black hole.
jim:  oh, clark. im actually here today. surprise! so i was wondering if i could maybe have my desk back.
clark:  right. yeah. but, you know, ive actually been working pretty hard here on a daily basis. so, i kind of feel like ive earned this. i mean, you know?
jim:  you totally have. you have earned this. but maybe i could be with my wife. kind of the whole reason that im here.
clark:  right. well, im here to sell paper.
pam:  wow.
clark:  all right, jim, look, i just got made junior salesman. right? and—and wallace is here today. and i dont him to just think of me as a customer service rep that sits in the annex. i mean, you can get that, right? right? and what do you need more face time with wallace for? you trying to get a second second job here?
pam:  its okay. you can sit in the annex.
jim:  what?
pam:  ill come visit you.
jim:  okay. the annex it is. ill be sitting at your desk if thats okay with you.
clark:  thats fine with me. but be careful, it is very easy to get lost in petes beautiful, dead eyes.
andy:  everyone, a little breaking news for ya. just had a little chat with david wallace. and, um, im taking a leave of absence from dunder mifflin, forever.
oscar:  i cant say we didnt see it coming. but its a sad day when anybody is fired. were so sorry, andy.
david wallace:  uh, uh, uh, uh, andy was not fired.
andy:  i wasnt fired. what are you talking about? im fired up, yes. guys, im—im leaving to pursue my lifelong dream of being famous.
pam:  oh, andy.
andy:  yeah, so, ill see you on the red carpet. see, thats how it works.
phyllis:  andy sings beautifully. and hes really good at dancing. hes a good speaker. but theres just something there you dont want to look at.
jim:  hey, how am i doing as your desk mate, by the way? you probably miss clark.
pete:  yeah, a little bit.
jim:  oh, wow. but, um—oh, i get that.
pete:  oh, no, no, no. no its cool.
jim:  i get it.
pete:  its cool, man. im sure you and i will have our own thing.
jim:  yeah. definitely. go phillies, right. you dont watch baseball. i keep forgetting that.
darryl:  i just think youre going into this a little fast.
andy:  im 38, darryl, how much slower should i go?
darryl:  show business is cold. lets say you get a job, which you probably wont. theyre not gonna cut you any slack. youre meant for a job with lots and lots of slack.
andy:  all right. i get it.
andy:  the male is a funny species. we dont just tell each other how we feel, thats chick stuff. so instead of saying, “hey, andy, i love you, man. i dont want you to leave.” you say something like, “hey, andy, youre making the worst mistake of your life. youre not talented.” well… right back at you, darryl.
andy:   im gonna miss you too. mmm!
stanley:  andys from the generation that thinks they should all be famous. what happened to the generation that knew you shut up, did your work, and died quietly from a heart attack?
kevin:  could andy make it as an entertainer? i dont know. you know whos really funny? this bird, in the park, that cant fly right. id pay to see him. but i dont have to cause the park is free!
sensei:  i will now perform the ceremonial changing of the belts.
dwight:  he will now perform the ceremonial changing of the belts!
sensei:  its not a large room, i think they heard me.
dwight:  take my belt, master. i now submit to you every part of myself. 
sensei:  thats really ok. im mostly focused on the belt here.
dwight:  just slip it off my—slip it off my hips.
sensei:  hold it—take a step back. take a step back.  okay, okay. i cant—i cant do this if youre gonna be thrusting like that, okay? i think were gonna have to cut this off.
dwight:  he will now perform the ceremonial cutting-off-of-the-belt.
angela:  dwight has been practicing karate for years. when we were dating, i would help him with his strength training. he would strap me to his chest in a baby bjorn made for fat children and do lunges across the farm. it felt like i was flying.
dwight:  there it is. 
sensei:  congratulations.
dwight:  we did it, we did it. i love you.
sensei:  okay.
dwight:  thanks. i will now perform my final kata forms. youre gonna watch me right?
sensei:  yes, i will. 
dwight:  sensei, youre not watching.
sensei:  yeah, im watching. just do it.
dwight:  watching?
sensei:  im watching.
dwight:  watch this part, okay?
david wallace:  sensei, do you generally do house calls like this?
sensei:  uh, you can just call me billy. and no. no, but dwight insisted. he wanted to receive his black belt in the place he loves most in the world.
david wallace:  he said that? hes an odd guy, isnt he?
sensei:  yes. irritating, also yes. but i gotta hand it to him, hes one of the most tenacious and determined men ive ever met. 
esther:  oh! im am so proud of you, schru-berry blue.
jim:  i really felt like i almost lost her, and—and nothing is worth that.
david wallace:  well, i gotta tell you, jim, a lot of guys in my circle? they wouldnt even change their golf schedule to shore up their marriage let alone their professional goals.
clark:  dude, there is no way that jim is just back here to hang out with pam.
dwight:  you did not just say that! you dont know pam. she is really cool.
clark:  all im saying is, forget about my chair. he wants the managers chair. and i thought you wanted that job.
dwight:  yeah, i did. but i made too many mistakes. its out of my reach now. besides, i think jim would be a fine manager. id be happy to see jim as manager.
david wallace:  so, the reason that i called you in here is because andy is moving on.
jim:  again.
david wallace:  again! and im looking for a new manager. and with his performance this year, i have been considering dwight. am i crazy?
jim:  not at all. it should be dwight.
david wallace:  you sure?
jim:  youre gonna want to invest in a lot more liability insurance, but, uh—
david wallace:  yeah.
jim:  hey, if there is someone out there who loves paper more than dwight, i definitely dont want to meet that person.
nellie:  andy, we just wondered if we could have a word.
andy:  its now or never.
nellie:  well, we just had a quick question about this decision of yours. you know, to leave a stable job and pursue a career in the entertainment business. in your late 30s. with no savings to fall back on. and no real connections in that business, which can be competitive.
andy:  yeah, sure. whats your question?
kevin:  our question is—it seems dumb.
andy:  well, its better than sticking around here and half-assing it, right?
nellie:  of course. but what if you were to stay here, you know, and “full-ass” it? um, really give it a go. be the greatest manager in the history of this branch and in that way achieve the fame and immortality that you seek. hmm?
andy:  nah. i like my plan better.
kevin:  well, andy, your plan sucks, okay? nobody is going to hire you ever. youre too character-y to be a lead and youre not fat enough to be a great character actor.
andy:  what?
oscar:  no, i dont think that he can make it as an actor. but, he also cant make it as an employee in an office, so why not go nuts with it?
jim:  hey, are you still in charge of office supplies?
pam:  yes. yeah.
jim:  i seem to have sticky not emergency where i grab it on the wrong end, and this happens.
pam:  oh, boy. um—
jim:  if you could help me out, that would be—
pam:  i could give you some beginner stickies?
jim:  anything would help.
pam:  here you go.
jim:  oh, also, while youre at it, if you did have a salt packet, three tacks and some aspirin, that would be great. oh, wow. you have that.
pam:  mm-hmm.
jim:  wow, thats—
pam:  its all yours.
jim:  you come so prepared. aspirin.
dwight:  you wanna get rid of a headache, you sit on something sharp. any sensei will tell you that.
jim:  hey, congratulations on that black belt, man. its really great.
dwight:  thank you. so i saw you talking to wallace earlier. is he going to offer you the managers job?
jim:  no. he was maybe thinking of you for it.
dwight:  yeah, right. im afraid that ship has sailed.
jim:  i wouldnt be too sure about that. just saying.
dwight:  hello.
andy:  well, hello.
dwight:  big day for you.
andy:  big day for you.
dwight:  thank you.
andy:  love the belt.
dwight:  oh, yes.
andy:  you know, i dont know anything about karate but i have broken a few boards in my day. diving boards, at my family pool in redding. i was an obese child. i never talk about that here, but nard-dogs outta here, so letting it all hang out!
dwight:  this is exciting! youre finally gonna get to go out and flap your wings.
andy:  thank you, i appreciate that. ‘cause a lot of people are saying i might not make it.
dwight:  oh, i doubt youll make it. very few do whove tried to be a star. but, listen, youve saved up enough money to take a couple of years off to pursue your dream and have some fun, right?
andy:  no, i just applied for more overdraft protection.
dwight:  andy, i have nothing to gain from getting you to stay, and everything to gain from you leaving. but please, i have known you for years, i have seen you perform. dear god, dont quit your day job.
andy:   nothing is impossible to him who will try.  alexander the great, if he were cockney.
dwight:  youre bad.
andy:  im gonna make it. every person that has been on conan has a crazy story about how they made it. every person.
andy:  erin. honest erin, cannot tell a lie. we lay together. thats something you cant take back.
erin:  so true. is there a question, or are—what?
andy:  will you tell me bluntly, do you think i am making a terrible mistake quitting my job to become an actor?
erin:  bluntly? yes. huge mistake. andy, honestly, i think you might become homeless. or maybe even starve.
andy:  thank you. 
david wallace:  you can stay on as a salesman, andy.
andy:  thank you. 
david wallace:  dwight, could you come in here for a second, please?
dwight:  say it again.
david wallace:  will you be the new manager?
dwight:  where?
david wallace:  where?
dwight:  what branch?
david wallace:  here. scranton.  come on. come on, dwight. get up. lets go. its good news.
dwight:  im sorry. ive just waited for this moment my entire life. i mean, i was interim manager once, but then i shot that gun.
david wallace:  what?
dwight:  but this isnt interim manager. no. its dwight k. schrute…  manager.
david wallace:  why do you already have this?
dwight:  in case michael or andy ever got killed in a traffic accident and there was a trade show on the same day. you will not regret this decision, david.
david wallace:  i know.
dwight:  i will never, ever let you down.
david wallace:  i know, dwight. i know.  okay. okay. all righty. youre gonna do great.
pam:  hey.
jim:  wow, hey.
pam:  hi.
jim:  whats up?
pam:  um, i have a question.
jim:  okay.
pam:  oh, i had a question.
jim:  really?
pam:  i did!
jim:  yeah, totally you did.
pam:  super important.
jim:  i need you to stay right here while you think about it.
pam:  okay.
jim:  all right? im gonna wait.
pam:  all right. i did not come back here just to see you.
jim:  im sure you did not. what was your question?
pam:  i dont know, but it might take me a long time to figure it out.
jim:  well, then, i should figure out things to do while im waiting.
pam:  exactly.
andy:  hey, everybody, i changed my mind. not leaving. im gonna stay on in sales.
nellie:  oh, thank god. because sales could be your best role yet.
meredith:  hey, good choice, man. seriously. dont want to see you in a porn next year.
andy:  okay.
kevin:  ooh, theres a great play about a salesman.
andy:  death of a salesman.
kevin:  i dont think so.
andy:  sure, ‘death of a salesman by arthur miller, its a great play about crushed dreams.
kevin:  no, this one was written by spongebob squarepants.
andy:   got any hot leads?
pete:  see, so you just push from under, and turn it around, and boom. no the staple crimps outward.
erin:  i had no idea. and here ive been stapling the same way for 20 years like a frickin sheep.
jim:  look whos back.
pam:  im back. oh, hey, look, and now its like a double date.
pete:  wow. cause, uh 
erin:  actually, maybe we should go on a double date some time. thatd be fun.
pam:  yeah, we should do that for real sometime.
erin:  well, how about thursday?
pam:  oh, well, thursdays tough, because of—
jim:  weeknights are actually tough just because—
pam:  they are.
jim:  thats true, yeah.
erin:  just forget it. forget i said anything.
david wallace:  attention, everyone, just a quick announcement. little reconfiguration to the staff. dwight schrute—
dwight:  david. can i just do one thing while youre making this announcement and then ill never, ever do it again?
david wallace:  i dont think so.
dwight:  its just one thing. just let me—let me do this—
david wallace:  dwight, dwight, dwight. come on—what i was about to say was dwight— oh, im sorry, i gotta—thisll be a second, sorry.
dwight:  just wait and send it to voicemail.
david wallace:  yeah.
dwight:  come on. come on.
david wallace:   then well get him a new set of drums.
dwight:   dwight schrute is manager! 
andy:  brava, brava.
creed:   creed bratton is the new manager! 
pam:  whats going on?
kevin:  dwights the new manager. he freaking did it.
pam:   congratulations, dwight.
dwight:  pam.
jim:   congratulations, buddy.
dwight:  thank you, jim.
clark:  congrats, dwight.
dwight:  get out of jims seat.
clark:  but i fought for this seat.
dwight:  youre an annex kid. you might be bullpen, well see. give it a couple of years. scram.
pam:  its nice to have you back.
dwight:  so…
jim:  so.
dwight:  i wanted to offer you a new position.
jim:  lets hear it.
dwight:  assistant regional manager.
jim:  nope. cant accept that job. its not a real job.
dwight:  jim.
jim:  ill tell you what i could accept is assistant to the regional manager. that is a real job and one id be proud to take.
dwight:  shake on it? done. way to negotiate, idiot.
jim:  dont get me wrong, i am definitely here for pam. but this is an awesome added bonus.
dwight:  so, all the numbers adding up?
oscar:  hey, i didnt get a chance to say it, but… congratulations, dwight.
dwight:  thank you.
angela:  yes. congratulations.
kevin:  yeah, and dwight, id like to be the first to say congratulations.
angela:  this is a big day for you.
dwight:  yes, it is. carry on.
andy:  how did i just abandon my dreams so quickly? its cause i had a fallback. thats the problem. when you have fallbacks, its just easy to give up. when cortez landed in mexico, only way he got his men to defeat the aztecs was by burning all of his own boats. so they could never return home. huge dick move but very effective. i need to be that same kind of dick to myself.
andy:  everyone! changed my mind again.
phyllis:  whats it now, dream or no dream?
andy:  uh, dream. goin with my dream. gotta go all in, isnt that right, jim?
jim:  oh, dont look at me cause i think youre making a terrible choice.
andy:  all in! whoo!
andy:  toby! hey, i changed my mind again. i am gonna leave dunder mifflin to pursue acting after all.
toby:  okay, then, andy.
andy:  yeah, but heres the thing. i cant have good old dunder mifflin to fall back on or else ill never succeed. gotta burn those boats! so i need you to go into my file and put down that i was fired for theft and/or groping wieners.
toby:  andy, you know i cant do that. itd be lying.
andy:  seriously?
toby:  yeah, im—
andy:  come on, just do it.
toby:  i cant.
andy:  all right, fine, just know that you made me do this. 
toby:   oh, come on. andy, no.
andy:  god, toby, dont—stop blocking my hand.
toby:  no, no.
andy:  this is your—you brought this on.
toby:  no, no. andy.
andy:  okay, all right. groped you good. off to hollywood!
angela:   this is angela. oh. hello, miss polodnikovski. uh, how can i help you? did my rent check not clear? because i just transferred another $25 to that account. so if theres a problem its clearly on your end. and—oh. oh. oh, okay. good. then… um… what is this about? no, no. hey, hey! no, you are out of line miss polodnikovski. no, no you are. no you are! evicted? fine! i didnt want to live in that cesspool anyway! listen, i get my security deposit back. yes, i do. this is not fair! that is not fair! well, you know what? you have so many hairs on your chin that animal control shouldve taken you away. that is very unladylike! you are disgusting! 
kevin:  what do you think that was about?
andy:  david. i lost the scranton white pages account. do you have any idea how much paper that is? and id just like to point out, i was mad at dwight. i did it out of spite.
david wallace:  we put the past behind us, though, andy.
andy:  what if i told you that i hate you and i hate this company?
david wallace:  enough, andy. enough!
andy:  just stop forgiving me, david, please? this is my last chance to honor what is best inside myself. what if i took a dump on your new car?
david wallace:  oh my god.
andy:  eleanor roosevelt once said ‘the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  i think shes right.  i feel calm now.  i feel, like, for the first time in a long time, im doing the right thing.
angela:  andy.
andy:  yeah.
angela:  what are you doing?
andy:  uh, heavy stuff like books on the bottom. so it dont squash my knickety-knacks on top.
angela:  yeah, okay. thats not what i mean. you dont have to leave because you said you would. dont let pride ruin your whole life. okay? its not worth it.
andy:  wow. angela. what we had was great, and, honestly i think about it a lot too—
angela:  ugh.
andy:  but i just—its in the past. and i feel like we shouldnt…
angela:  no, thats not—
andy:  rehash—
angela:  no, none—no, stop. its just—
andy:  exactly.
angela:  okay. well, have a good trip. good luck, andy.
andy:  thanks, angela. you too.
angela:  thanks.
andy:  a-bridge, a-burnt. no turning back now. everybody, lorelai and i would like to say thank you and goodbye the only way we know how.
nellie:  oh, good lord.
stanley:  cant you just leave?
jim:  you know, andy, you could just say a really nice goodbye.
andy:  tuna, im a performer. and perform i shall. 
dwight:   you okay?
angela:   its just a really nice song.
kevin:   awesome!
phyllis:  who knows? maybe andy will make it. hes not terrible.
stanley:  yeah. and people worse than him make it all the time. like lil romeo.
phyllis:  no, hes good.
stanley:  he was good.
oscar:  good night, kevin.
kevin:  night, oscar.
oscar:  tents? are you thinking of going camping? i thought you found nature vulgar.
angela:  well, ive changed my mind.
oscar:  wait a minute. youre not thinking of living in a—
angela:  oh, god, could you just mind your own business?
oscar:  okay, im just gonna say this. you are not going to live in a tent.
angela:  oh, god.
oscar:  come stay with me.
angela:  you dont want me at your place.
oscar:  i do. yes. not forever. but until you get back on your feet. which wont be long. its the least i could do.
angela:  well…
oscar:  separate bathrooms.
angela:  thank you.
oscar:  youre welcome. lets go get phillip. then well get your stuff…
angela:  okay.
oscar:  and get you the hell outta that place.
angela:  are you allowed to have pets?
oscar:  oh, angela.
dwight:  yesterday i was just your average, ordinary paper salesman with a farm and a bunch of pipe dreams about beet fuel. today, i leave here a regional manager with a black belt. it really is amazing how your life can change in one day.
darryl:  you talk to wade and colin?
jim:  no, i just saw i missed their call. why? whats up?
darryl:  we got an offer on the table.
jim:  what kind of offer?
darryl:  a buyout.
jim:  what?
darryl:  were in play, baby.
jim:  oh, my god!
darryl:  we did it! hey, and look, the buyers wanna make sure its not just a philly play, so get this: theyre gonna pay for us to go pitch out west. we talking spurs, the jazz, cowboys. blake griffin, baby.
jim:  wow, that is… wow.
darryl:  yeah, we did it.
jim:  yeah, we did. hey, how long—how long do we think thats gonna take?
darryl:  wade said we could do the whole country in three months.
jim:  oh, man. yeah, i cant do it.
darryl:  cant do what?
jim:  this, man. i cant do this to pam.
darryl:  no, no, jim. this is different. this is everything.
jim:  i know. and i cant do it.
angela:  so is your place all bachelor-slobby and gross?
oscar:  no, its neat and tasteful, like most gay mens homes. the stereotype holds up.
angela:  i wouldnt know. i never lived with a gay guy.
oscar:  angela, you just were—
angela:   i love him.
oscar:  i know. i understand more than most, but we both have to move on. you—you cant—
angela:  no, not the senator. i love dwight.
