dwight:  the documentary series finished airing ages ago. why is pbs sending another crew?
man:  were getting bonus footage for the dvd.
dwight:  pff, nobody buys dvds anymore.
man:  itll be a pledge gift.
dwight:  pbs. the propaganda wing of bill and melinda gates and viewers like you.
dwight:  in the past year, i have consolidated the entire scranton paper market. we regained the white pages, the school district, lackawanna county. we supply them all. im getting married tomorrow afternoon, and in the morning, theres a mini-reunion. a kind of a “where are they now” panel at a local theatre. itll be nice to see everyone again.  i havent seen kevin since we let him go.
dwight:   today marks several important milestones. stanley, as you know, is retiring.
kevin:  yes! whoo, whoo, whoo!
stanley:  ah, ive been looking forward to this day since i was 18 years old.
meredith:  speech!
dwight:  no! and our next and most thickly frosted cake is…for…kevin.
kevin:  yes! wait, why?
dwight:  go ahead and just read the frosting.
kevin:  “get out.”
dwight:  uh-huh.
kevin:  what does that mean?
dwight:  its a colloquial way of saying “youre fired,” kevin, which you are.
pam:  what? dwight, you cant do that.
dwight:  the cake has spoken pam. sorry.
all:  what?!
dwight:  well if anyone here can make a case for kevin staying.
all:  dwight…
dwight:  based…on his merit.
oscar:  ooh.
jim:  umm….
kevin:  im…good.
pam:  well, toby will stop it. anytime anyones ever been fired, tobys blocked it, so…
toby:  yeah. yeah, i dont think…
dwight:  toby, wait. wait. hold that thought. heres your cake. bye, bye toby.
kevin:   at least i got chocolate.
jim:  i bike to work now. saves on gas, cheaper than a vasectomy and, uh, oh, yeah, its good for the environment too.
jim:  pam and i are great. she just recently finished her mural for the irish cultural center.
crowd:  whoo! yeah
jim:   can you clap! can you clap for mom?
jim:  and dwight is imitating japanese business practices for reasons he explained to us in japanese.
pam:   angela, are you ready for the wedding?
angela:   yes. my heart is so open, i am so at peace.  look at meredith. shes disgusting. those feet. theyre like the paws of an orangutan.
pam:  i think she looks good. now that shes wearing sports bras, we dont see her boobs as much.
dwight:  that is all. have a good morning.
meredith:  thank you.
dwight:   what was that for?
angela:   to remind you that our weddings gonna be wonderful.
dwight:  ah. i know. it just feels so empty with so many of the old gang gone.
angela:  d, its gonna be perfect. the only people that need to be there are you and me.
dwight:  oh, and the old man to feed us the cheese that hes been fermenting since the day of my birth.you keep forgetting about him.
angela:  i dont…i dont know why.
dwight:  i brought in some new faces, and one old. i always like devon. i hired him back after creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. the only person he fooled was kevin. then the police showed up. turns out, creed was in the band “the grass roots” in the 1960s. during that time, the police say he sold drugs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole weapons-grade lsd from the military.
phyllis:  oh, some fudge?
malcolm:  oh, thanks. i love your fudge.
phyllis:  thanks.
malcolm:  i think i gained a couple of pounds since i got here.
phyllis:   oh, you can afford it.
phyllis:  after 16 years, its strange sitting across from somebody who isnt stanley. but…hell get there.
jim:  okay, the limos gonna be here at five.i need everybody to be ready ‘cause i want to pack in a lot.
zeke:  party time! whorehouse!
jim:  uh, no. no whorehouse. this is dwights night, okay?
zeke:  well, youre the bestisch mensch.
jim:  dwight has made me his bestisch mensch. which is schrute for best man. hes putting himself entirely in my hands tonight. and i know for over 12 years ive done nothing but trick and prank him but tonight…only good surprises. “guten pranken”. 
dwight:  oh hey, jim. i forgot to mention. oftentimes, in hollywood portrayals of bachelor parties, there are accidental murders. that wont be necessary tonight.
clark:  great, now we got three hours to fill.
jim:  okay, hold on. are you sure mose isnt going to show up?
dwight:  ever since angela moved in and mose had to stop sleeping at the foot of my bed, hes been acting pretty weird about this whole wedding thing.
jim:  mose has been weird? thats so unlike him.
andy:  yeah, sure, ill talk about it. why not? americans next a cappella sensation aired my audition. and when i started sobbing uncontrollably, apparently that struck a chord with quite a lot of people. not a very compassionate chord. the clip went viral, as they say
casey dean:  you cant just sit here and cry.
andy:  oh, i can so just sit here and cry!
andy:  two million hits in the first week and then the parodies started. one from the philippines got 12 million hits. and the late night comedy guys had a field day with it.
bill hader:  
seth mayers:  oh, dont. aw, come on, baby wawa. dont be such a baby.
bill hader:  
seth mayers:  oh, no. its gonna be alright.
bill hader:  
seth mayers:  its gonna be all right. for weekend update im seth meyers. thats baby wawa. good night.
bill hader:   bye!
andy:  after my clip blew up, i actually got a call from the double rainbow guy and the fat star wars kid. turns out they have a support group.  not really my scene.
oscar:   years ago, the senator promised a left turn lane by the arbys. so i wanna know where in the name of horsey sauce is it? well, yeah, you…hold on.
dakota:  hi. i keep seeing this symbol in the accounts from last year. its..its all over the place. i dont know what it means.
oscar:  thats the reason kevin got fired. its his magic number. he used to use it to balance his accounts. he used to call it a keleven. he told dwight,  “a mistake plus keleven gets you home by seven.” he was home by 4:45 that day.
nellie:  oh, i live in poland now. the scranton of the e.u. thank you for flying me out here for the weekend. im looking forward to the reunion panel tomorrow. cant wait to see everyone. well, almost everyone.
toby:  hello!  hello!
nellie:  oh.
toby:  hi! 
nellie:  no.
toby:  oh. 
nellie:  how did you now my plane had arrived? how long have you been stalking me?
toby:  oh, no, no. no. my plane just got in. from new york. are you still with piotr?
nellie:  no. and i thought i unfriended you.
toby:  anyone can follow a twitter feed. wanna share a cab?
toby:  [alone in cab} after dwight fired me, i moved to new york to write the great american novel. i have six roommates. heh. which are better than friends, you know ‘cause they have to give you one months notice before they leave.
andy:  hey-oh!
meredith:  andy?
oscar:  youre back?
andy:  yeah.
malcolm:   thats baby wawa, right? oh, my god!
jim:  hey man, good to see you.
andy:  thank you. yeah,
phyllis:  . andy…
andy:  hey! aw! a bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly.
phyllis:  andy, ive been worried about you. how are you?
andy:  a little warm.
phyllis:  poor, poor andy.
andy:   okay. aw. thank you phyllis.
darryl:  hello, hello.
jim:  hey!
meredith:  darryl!
andy:  hey!
darryl:  hey, whats up?
andy:  didnt i just see you at the airport jumping in a limo?
darryl:  what? mustve been another devilishly handsome debonair individual.
andy:  hmm.
darryl:  hey, man. how are you doing? i, um…i didnt call ‘cause i figured you changed the number.
andy:  no i didnt change the number. all good though. phone never rings.
dwight:  what? ooh!
andy:  surprise!
dwight:  i thought you guys couldnt come.
darryl:  yeah, but then they moved the panel to the same weekend and the doc crew paid to fly us in. it was kismet.
jim:  kismet? yeah, right. pam and i came up with excuses for every other weekend. you remember my two lap band surgeries, right? neither do i? “guten prank” number one.
darryl:  you ready for tonight? we gonna tear up the town?
dwight:  uh, better ask jim.
jim:  and jim will say nothing.
pam:   darryl! andy!
andy:  hey! pam!
darryl:  hey, pam! how are you?
pam:  were fine. yeah.  and im sure that you guys are fine too. because why wouldnt you be?
andy:  mm-hmm.
pam:  darryl, oh, my gosh. how is austin? tell me everything. hows the merger? i feel like i read about athlead all the time.
darryl:  i love it. and its athleap now. and the city is amazing.
jim:  yeah?
darryl:  yeah. yeah, its hot. the music is awesome. and the tacos are…for real.
jim:  wow! that sounds incredible. . oh, guys. limos here. lets do this. change if you need to.
oscar:  whoo, whoo, whoo.
pam:  okay, you guys, have fun. you too, andy.
oscar:  yeah!
andy:  aw!
darryl:  woah-oh! havent been in one of these in forever.
oscar:  they wanted me to go to the bachelorette party with the girls. really? such a cliché. im a man. so im going to the bachelor party with the boys. i just have to remember how i acted before i came out.
oscar:  wassuuuup! 
dwight:  wait, why are we stopping? jim, this isnt on the itinerary.
jim:  get out.
dwight:  jim…wha… come on! what…what are you gonna whack me, jim?
jim:  no, dwight. youll be doing the whacking.
dwight:  a bazooka. you remembered.
jim:  of course i did.
dwight:  . get out of my way.
all:  oh! 
dwight:  woo! okay!
jim:  yeah!  guten prank number two.
jim:  private room.
oscar:  yeah, brosef.
dwight:  amazing.
jim:  enjoy, enjoy.
guy:  hey, i know you. are you gonna sit here and cry?
jim:  okay, man, easy.
guy:  
jim:  hey, dude, leave him alone. what are you doing?
andy:  jim, its fine. hell just get you on his cell phone and then thatll go viral.
darryl:  that happens a lot?
andy:  yeah, i guess. but things are going well actually. i spoke at cornell during commencement week. i mean, the seniors invited me as a joke but it was a huge success.
oscar:  well, i bet it was a smash.
andy:  thats how i got my new job in the admissions office.
oscar:  is that a volunteer program or…
andy:  no. its a job. things are going great.
darryl:  lets get a drink in you, huh?
andy:  yes.
meredith:  whoo-hoo. lets get this party started!
rachel:  wheres my angel.
angela:  this is my big sister rachel.
rachel:  no, this is my big sister angela.
angela:   were very close. we even have our own special language.
rachel:  
angela:  people love it.
rachel:  they do.
dwight:   man, how long have we been sitting here?
stripper:  hi, boys!
all:  ohh…
clark:  here we go!
dwight:  oh, thank god. we are famished!
stripper:  hey, did somebody order the chef special?
darryl:  right there.
dwight:  no, we havent ordered anything. no ones even taken our drinks. uh, what is the chef special?
stripper:  i bet you boys have a big appetite.
dwight:  oh, we do. so well have an onion loaf for the table, please. and tell us about your heartiest soups.
stripper:  mm, i know what you want. i know exactly what you want.
dwight:  yes, an onion loaf for the table but thats not all. now the chef special sounded good. what is it exactly?
stripper:  ohh, shh. 
dwight:  okay, what are you doing? are you giving me a taste of the chefs special? tastes like cigarettes. that wont work. thats no good.
erin:  whoo!
angela:  what?  okay.
pam:  oh, boy.
erin:  oh!
jakey:  heard you guys needed some pipes fixed or cleaned or whatever.
phyllis:  angelas special repairman is here.
angela:  wait, what is this?
meredith:  shut up. jakey?
jakey:  mom?
pam:  wait, wait. what?
jakey:  oh, man.
meredith:  no, no, no, no. just do your wok. pretend moms not here.
pam:  uh, that seems inappropriate.
meredith:  give the good show, my little entrepreneur.
jakey:  okay.
meredith:  take it off. . yeah! good song choice, jakey. strippers only as good as his song.
rachel:  oh, wowee wow.
angela:  okay…
pam:  whoo-hoo…go, merediths stripper son.
angela:  rachel, are you all right?
rachel:  i dont know!i dont know.
angela:  oh geeze. . oh, my god!
meredith:  be gentle jakey. gentle. one second. just one second. look. 
angela:  okay, if anything, this is rougher. stop it meredith.
meredith:  fine. my bad. go ahead jakey.
angela:   uh, no. its o…thank you. you know what? you dont have to…oh no, no, no. no, no, no. its okay.
dwight:  now, for the last time, id like a side salad with balsamic.
clark:  dwight, for the last time, shes not a waitress.
dwight:  youre telling me!
oscar:  if you want her to leave, just tip her.
dwight:  what for? we havent even gotten bread yet. does anyone wanna split a twice baked potato?  do you have those? those arent deep fried, right?
angela:  that was interesting.  what was that?
phyllis:  its just the wind.
angela:  will you lock the door?
phyllis:  okay.  its just the wind, see? nothing.
angela:  alright, see, you dont have to leave the door wide open. we get it. its the wind. just come and shut… oh! my god!
all:  
erin:  phyllis!
rachel:  whats happening?
dwight:  oh, man, never thought id say this but i think i ate too much bone marrow. 
jim:  oh, its the girls. hey pam. what? angelas been kidnapped! phyllis left the door open and some freak came and grabbed her and fled.
dwight:  good old mose. 
jim:  they think it was mose.
dwight:  oh, great. hes getting into the spirit of the festivities. fantastic. he just pulled off a braut entfuhrung.
oscar:  what is that?
dwight:  a ceremonial bridal kidnapping. he will take the bride and hide her at a local pub and when i find the place, i have to buy everyone drinks. ah, all right! oh mose.
jim:  wait a minute. you said the tradition is for the groom is search for her and it ends at a pub. so how about the last pub youd ever set foot in in this town?
dwight:  right. which one is that?
jim:  mm, hey driver. why dont you take us to 3030 adams?
jim:  is that mose?
dwight:  yes, it is! i am here for my bride!
mose:  well, first, buy us a drink.
all:  if you want your bride, buy us a drink! if you want your bride, buy us a drink.
dwight:  very well! drinks on me! bartender! oh.
kevin:  well, well, well, well, well, well. thats six “wells.” did i get that number right, dwight?
dwight:  i heard you bought a bar, kevin.
kevin:  yes. i did. this one. now get out!
dwight:   why did you pick this place? 
jim:  ooh.
dwight:  you? you did this as a prank. my own bestich mensch.
jim:  nope, not a prank. i think its time for you to bury the hatchet.
dwight:  waste of a good hatchet.
jim:  okay, just talk.
kevin:  well, w…
dwight:  i heard you say “well” the first time.
jim:  i know dwight misses kevin. i saw him make his portrait out of a wooly willy. tomorrows his wedding day. you cant be anything but happy on your wedding day.
dwight:  it was nothing personal. its just that you were terrible at your job.
kevin:  youre just saying that to make me feel better.
dwight:  no really. you were terrible at math and organization, time management, personal hygiene. your internet searches were so filthy we had to throw our your computer.
kevin:  is that all it was?
dwight:  thats it.
kevin:  come here 
dwight:  i missed you kevin.
kevin:  i missed you!
dwight:  ohh.
mose:  guten prank.
jim:  yes, mose. guten prank number three.
dwight:  youve had your drink. now where is my bride?
dwight:  mose! what..ooh, mose. 
angela:  what the  is your problem you   ?!
jim:  hey. hey, is angela coming or…
dwight:  no. we cant see each other on our wedding day. and her legs are still numb from being in the trunk.
jim:  right.
stanley:  hey guys.
all:  stanley!
erin:  hows florida?
stanley:  oh, great.
stanley:  yes, im living in florida now. little town called florida city, just on the edge of the everglades. the man who delivered my divorce papers came by fan boat which was kinda fun. i sit on my porch all day, carving birds.
jim:  am i the only one thats nervous? how are you doing with this? should we have bailed?
pam:  no, no, im fine.
jim:  doesnt seem like anyone cares about us anyway.
stanley:  i guess this was work being filmed nonstop for nine years.
andy:  im sorry guys. this is probably on me. i got hated on pretty hard when that auto-tune went viral.
kevin:   people actually dance to this. its in my juke box. none of the money goes to andy though.
kevin:   yeah, people hate you.
andy:  ill go talk to the manager. maybe we should just go home. 
man:  hey! its andy bernard!
all:  nard dog!  ree-de-de-de-doo! 
andy:  ree-de-de-de-doo!
man 1:  how did it feel to see your lives played out on tv?
david wallace:  its like seeing a documentary about how your food is made. its kinda disgusting. you learn a lot, but i didnt wanna know any of it.
dwight:  with todays modern surveillance technology we are in a constant state of being watched weather its our government or the government of other countries a.k.a. google. you guys are being filmed way more than we ever were.
pete:  uh, no one recognizes me. but not all my friends call me plop. so… thanks pbs.
woman 1:  uh, jim, that dvd in the last episode was so romantic. and, um, i think wed all love to know, pam, what romantic thing did you do to pay jim back for leaving athlead?
pam:  well, i mean, how do you pay back someone for something like that? but, uh, i dont know. im working on something.
jim:  she pays me back every day just by being my wife so thats fine.
all:  awww.
jim:  o-kay.
woman 2:  all i can say is, if i had jim, he would have a free pass to do anything. i mean if i lucked into that… he could do anything. anything.
pam:   im sorry. is there a question?
woman 2:  uh, no.
man 2:  pam, what was in that teapot letter?
pam:  oh, um, well, you know, i… i just… i just think i would rather keep that private. you know, if youd been filmed for nine years of your life, thered be some things that you just wanna keep to yourself.
man 2:  i hear ya. what did it say?
moderator:  were gonna move on. next question please.
man 3:  do you find that your life feels pointless now that nobodys actually filming you anymore?
toby:  yes.
woman 3:  i wanna know how everyone felt they were portrayed. was it accurate?
meredith:  i got a beef with that. um, for the first seven years, i was getting my phd in school psychology and they didnt show it. yes, i was getting hammered but, hey, it was college.
woman 4:  i have a question for jim and pam. everyone watching sees how much you love each other and how youre soul mates. so, pam, how could you doubt that when jim moved to philadelphia?
jim:  um, you know what, i actually didnt handle that move, uh, very gracefully. from not communicating to being a little selfish.
pam:  listen, um… i was scared, you know? i loved what i had, and i didnt want to risk it. and i think that maybe i did doubt him a little too. which was wrong because hes shown me time and again. but when the documentary started airing, people on the street told me that i had this fairy-tale romance. but there were a lot of times last year where it did not feel like a fairy tale. but then it got deeper, and it got stronger and now its better than a fairy tale. its like a long book that you never want to end.and youre fine with that because you just never, ever wanna leave it.
woman 4:  like harry potter.
pam:  yeah, like harry potter.
joan:  i have a question for erin.
erin:  really?
joan:  yes. um, the thing i found most compelling about the documentary was your search for your birth mother.
erin:  thank you.
joan:  so my question is, um, do… dont you hate her? i mean, i would just imagine that you were so angry at her that you would hate her.
erin:  maybe sometimes. but not like “hate” hate. more just like, “mom, i hate you!” and then she would say “go to your room, young lady.” and id stamp my foot and run upstairs and i have a room, which is really cool. and then wed just have dinner together. but i dont know. id have to meet her. thanks.
joan:  erin…
erin:  yes?
joan:  um…oh, erin..
erin:  yes? is there a follow-up question?  mom? 
ed:  erin… same question but about your dad? 
moderator:  well, this feels like a good place to stop. lets thank all of our wonderful panelists for being here on this wonderful panel today. next week at the scranton cultural center dont forget, irish step dancing semifinals. winning team to mid-atlantic. 
kevin:  wheres the, uh, basket for gifts?
usher:  right there, sir.
kevin:  okay.
dakota:  hi, im dakota.
creed:  jeff bomondo. i sell ceramic tile out of newark.
dakota:  nice.
creed:  my wifes name is kathryn. i can show you my social security card if it helps.
kelly:  uck, look at all this mud. can you imagine if i had worn my jimmy choos? i just saved you 600 bucks mister.
ravi:  thanks for helping out, sweetie.
ryan:  kelly, youre here.
kelly:  hey, ryan!
ryan:  hey.
kelly:  whose baby is this? oh, are, like, a nanny now?
ryan:  no, this little guy is mine.
ryan:  so i was dating this girl, and one day, she went out to get a new charger for her e-cigarette. never came back. oldest story in the book. 
ryan:  say “hi”, drake.
kelly:  drake is your babys name?
ryan:  yeah.
kelly:  that is an amazing name. im obsessed with drake. his last album… it just touched me to pieces.
ryan:  no kelly, hes no named after a hip-hop artist from 2011. its drake, like a mix of drew and blake.
kelly:  cool.well, he is so cute. ravi, check out this cute baby. im obsessed with him. ravi is a pediatrician and some of his patients are total uggos.
ravi:  theyre called premature, sweetie. its good to see you again ryan.
phyllis:  let me help you us.
angela:  thanks.  oh. ouch.
pam:  oh, boy. maybe your heels are too high.
angela:  no, my heels arent too high. its because i spent three hours in a car trunk. thanks for not locking the door when i asked you to, phyllis.  sorry phyllis. you didnt know. as long as i can get to the altar.
phyllis:  oh, im gonna get you to that altar. you can take that to the bank.
jim:  you ready?
dwight:   you kidding? i was born ready. 
jim:  dwight, dwight, dwight. um… i dont know how to tell you this, but… we have a little bit of a problem.
dwight:  oh, no. what?
jim:  the minister just told me that its tradition for the bestish mensch to be older than the groom.
dwight:  oh, come on. ive never heard of such a thing.
jim:  i havent heard of it, obviously. but im out because i am significantly younger than you-
dwight:  not… significant is a big word…
jim:  i think its definitely… well, okay. either way…
dwight:  i think youre only a teeny…
jim:  either way, dwight… i cant be there for you. im sorry.
dwight:  jim.
jim:  i just…really wish there was something i could do. 
dwight:    michael. i cant believe you came.
michael:  thats what she said.
jim:  best prank ever.
minister:  as it is traditional to the schrutes, the lovers are standing in their own graves as a reminder that this is the only escape from what they are about to do.
nellie:   see, i get what they are trying to do, but why are the graves so shallow?
kevin:   “arise, my love, my fair one, and come away. for lo, the winter is passed. the rain is over and gone. the time of singing has come and the voice of the turtledove is heard in our land. let me see your face. let me hear your voice for your voice is sweet and your face is comely. “
minister:  i now pronounce you man and wife.  release the doves! 
kelly:  oh.
kevin:  thats not…
dwight:  ladies and gentlemen. thank you so much for coming. now, please take your hay bales to the reception. theyll be used for seating. complimentary hay hooks are placed alone the aisles. just stab ‘em on in there.
dwight:  everybody!
jim:   see, now you dont owe me anything.
ryan:  ravi? ravi? drake has a bit of a rash. and hes hot.
ravi:  oh, no.
ryan:  i was wondering could you maybe examine him for a second?
ravi:  oh, yeah, youre not feeling well little guy? okay, sure. should we go inside?
ryan:  actually, could you go inside? im feeling a little dehydrated. i could really use a little break, have some water.
ravi:  are you sure you dont wanna go in?
kelly:  ravi, just do it. that baby is burning up. isnt this, like what you live for? just go. go.
ryan:  thank you ravi. thank you so much. this is great for me and for drake. thank you.
kelly:  i dont know, ryan. baby drake didnt look so good.
ryan:  hell be fine. i let me suck on a strawberry. hes allergic but hell get over it fast. i had to talk to you.
kelly:  you gave your baby an allergic reaction just to talk to me? 
pam:  michael has so many pictures of his kids he had to get two phones with two numbers and he pays two bills.
pam:   oh, my gosh, its choreographed!
pam:  he just so happy to have a family plan.
ed:  whered you learn to dance like that?
erin:  i dont know. ive just always been really good at dancing.
toby:   
pam:  is it me? is it nellie?
toby:   its everything.
phyllis:   i missed you.
stanley:  i missed you too.
phyllis:  lots of people think that stanley hudsons a mean old grump.  but  would a grump make this? its me. its me.
ryan:  i love you.
kelly:   i love you too.
ryan:  were gonna be together forever.
kelly:  were running off into the sunset.
ryan:  i finally mastered commitment.
kevin:   what was that stuff?
ravi:  hey, has anyone seen ryan… or kelly?
kevin:  ooh! yes. uh, they left together a little while ago. kelly was hoping that you would keep the baby so they can start a new life together.
ravi:  oh, thats it. here.  call child services and report an abandoned baby. well find a better parent than ryan in no time.
kevin:  oh, i dont know.
nellie:  um, kevin? oh, i can help you with that. yeah. i mean, i can find someone who will… who will love that beautiful little boy the way he deserves.
kevin:  hey, this is better. 
nellie:  yes. it is. oh yes it is.
nellie:  if ryan wants his baby back, please tell him where to fine me. well be somewhere in europe.  wont we?
michael:   i feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. its every parents dream.
darryl:  thank you go much.
dwight:  good night.
toby:  good luck.
val:  great. it was really fun.
dwight:  good evening.
val:  the doc crews throwing a big after party in the warehouse tonight.
darryl:  yeah, i heard. it sounds kinda lame.  no offense. you going, toby?
toby:  oh, i dont know. i might turn in early.
andy:  its only 6:00. come on, everybodys going.
meredith:  you have to go, toby.
pete:  yeah, come on, tobes.
val:  come on.
toby:  yeah. ill stop by.
pete:  there he is!
pam:  i need to get out of this dress.
jim:  i gotta get out of this dress.
carol stills:  oh, im sorry pam.
jim:  whats going on?
pam:    why are you still here?
carol:   im so sorry. they were an hour late.
jim:  no, really, whats going on?
pam:  okay, okay. um… so… this past year has been really great, and youve been great and i just… i know that you had to make this choice and you had to give something up for me. but i never want you to have to give up anything. i just thought if i could get us an offer then there wouldnt be anything standing in our way and i could come to you with this big jim gesture… and show you all at once just how much i love you and how much i really do believe in your future.
jim:  sorry, how long have you been showing the house?
pam:  about 2 months
jim:  thats why its so clean.
pam:  yeah.
jim:  i mean, you were gonna do this without me?
pam:  well, you… you bought the house without telling me, so i thought i could sell it without telling you.
jim:  oh… okay. where would we go?
pam:  austin? maybe.
jim:  i promise you, you dont have to do this for me.
pam:  im doing it for us.
jim:  the last…
buyer:  okay. well take it.
jim:   hold on a second.  the last few months have meant the world to me and all i care about…
pam:  hold on a second.  wait, what did you just say?
buyer:  we wanna buy your house.
jim:  you wanna do this?
pam:  i wanna do this.
jim:  you really want to do this?
pam:  i really want to do this!
jim:    oh my god!
jim:  hey, darryl. 
darryl:  what? all right!
pam:  were so excited.
phyllis:  cool.
woman:  oh, thats for pbs executives only.
stanley:  i had to pledge $50 to my local pbs station just to get this.
david wallace:  i think your ideas are fantastic, oscar. id love to contribute to your campaign.
oscar:  thank you david.
pam:  uh, could i please have your attention? so a year ago, i got my first art commission to paint a mural for dunder mifflin and i decided to paint the history of paper…,which was just some trees and stuff. and then someone spray painted a bunch of butts on it and i had to start from the beginning. but it all worked out for the best because i think that ive painted the perfect thing which is the history of us. all of us. and this is for you jim.  and go ahead! 
pam:  everyone, lets take our picture in front of the mural. oh, um, i just…i kind of meant just everybody from the office.
photographer:   very nice. just a couple dozen more. smiles, everybody, smiles. all right, thats great. i got enough. thank you, everybody.
jim:   lets go outside
pam:  okay.
stanley:  okay, i need a drink.
kevin:  yeah, we all need a drink.  what the…theres only dandelion tea and raisins in here.
meredith:  hey, bottom drawer.
kevin:  yes!
pam:   dunder mifflin, this is pam. oh, im sorry. jim halpert doesnt work here anymore.
pam:  i didnt watch the whole documentary. after a few episodes, it was too painful. i kept wanting to scream at pam. it took me so long to do so many important things. its just hard to accept that i spent so many years being less happy than i could have been. jim was 5 feet from my desk and it took me four years to get to him. itd be great if people saw this documentary and learned from my mistakes. not that im a tragic person. im really happy now. but…it would just…just make my heart soar if someone out there saw this and she said to herself “be strong, trust yourself, love yourself. conquer your fears. just go after what you want and act fast, because life just isnt that long.”
kevin:  if there is one thing that i have learned through this whole experience, its that if you film anybody long enough, theyre going to do something stupid. its only human natural.
dwight:  hey guys.
angela:  hi.
all:  hey!
pam:  what about the honeymoon?
angela:  oh, the honeymoon can wait till tomorrow. we wanted to hang out with you guys. i mean, when are we all going to be here together again?
dwight:  aww, j, p and d. the three amigos. ah, it warms my heart. hey, what do you say, when i get back from out honeymoon, the three of us have a conference room meeting just for fun?  what is that meaningful look?
jim:  you know what? maybe we should talk.
darryl:  hey, come here. you guys need to see this.
kevin:  what is it?
andy:   youre probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. what will you be known for? it might surprise you to learn…
pam:  i finally feel ready. athlead is growing…
jim:  athleap.
pam:  and jim can jump back in without skipping a beat. well come back to visit. but i think its time for us to officially…
dwight:  no, dont say it. youre fired! youre both fired!
jim:  dwight, come on. dont end on a bad note.
dwight:  dont be an idiot. its for the severance. the best i can do one month for every year youve been here. thats the max.
pam:  thanks dwight.
jim:  hey, and if youre ever in austin…
dwight:  woah. right. for what, the art? the music? the incredible nightlife? no thank you. but if youre ever in the area, youll always have a place to stay…in my barn.
jim:  there it is.
dwight:  do i get along with my co-workers? well, first of all, i dont have co-workers anymore, i have subordinates. so… have i gotten along with my subordinates? lets see. my supplier relations rep, meredith palmer, is the only person i know who knows how to properly head bang to motorhead. oscar martinez, my accountant, is now godfather to my son. angela schrute, my former accountant is now my wife. my top salesman, jim halpert was best man at my wedding and office administrator pamela beesley halpert is my best friend. so…yes. id say i have gotten along with my subordinates.
andy:   you might feel sorry for me but i actually feel sorry for you. because youre about to leave cornell. so say it with me: : oh, i can so just sit here and cry.
kevin:  oh, yes!
darryl:  you did good. real good.
andy:  thanks dad…darryl.
andy:  i spent so much of my time here at dunder mifflin thinking about my old pals, my college a cappella group. the weird thing is now, im exactly where i wanna be. i got my dream job at cornell and im still just thinking about my old pals. only now theyre the ones i made here. i wish there was a way to know youre in the good old days before youve actually left them.  someone should write a song about that.
oscar:  you take something ordinary, like a piece of paper. its not much. but if you see it in the right way…and thats what you did with this documentary. but seriously, you made a nine-year documentary and you couldnt once show me doing my origami.
creed:   uh..ohh!
creed:   i saw a friend today. it had been a while. and we forgot each others names. but it didnt matter. ‘cause deep inside the feeling still remained the same…
jim:  imagine going back and watching a tape of your life. you could see yourself change and make mistakes…and grow up. you could watch yourself fall in love, watch yourself become a husband, become a father. you guys gave that to me. and thats…an amazing gift.
phyllis:  hey, jim, remember flonkerton when you did office olympics? it was awesome.
jim:  thanks phyl.
creed:  i still have my medal from that.
angela:  do you even have a mattress?
creed:  no, but i still have my medal from that.
kevin:  oscar. oscar.  i think im gay.
oscar:  why do you say that?
kevin:   its just that im so emotional.
oscar:  yeah, but youre not gay. youre not gay.
kevin:  no, but maybe the reason…
oscar:  youre not gay.
creed:   and all the faces that i know have that same familiar glow. i think i must have known them somewhere once before.
erin:  how did you do it? how did you capture what it was really like? how we felt and how made each other laugh and how we got through the day? how did you do it? also, how do cameras work?
darryl:  everyday when i came into work, all i wanted to do was leave. so why in the world does it feel so hard to leave right now?
creed:  it all seems so very arbitrary. i applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. i took a desk at the back because it was empty. but… no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home.  lets do this.
meredith:  i just feel lucky that i got a chance to share my crummy story with anyone out there who thinks theyre the only one to take a dump in a paper shredder. youre not alone sister. lets get a beer sometime.
phyllis:  im happy that this was all filmed so i can remember everyone and what we did. i worked for a paper company all these years and i never wrote anything down.
jim:  i sold paper at this company for 12 years. my job was to speak to clients on the phone about quantities and types of copier paper. even if i didnt love every minute of it, everything i have, i owe to this job. this stupid…wonderful…boring…amazing job.
pam:  i thought it was weird when you picked us to make a documentary. but all in all…i think an ordinary paper company like dunder mifflin was a great subject for a documentary. theres a lot of beauty in ordinary things. isnt that kind of the point?
