pam:   the buildings custodian is on vacation for the month and dwight is too cheap to hire a replacement. so, instead, were living in filth. but, not for long. because i have created the chore wheel.
kevin:   oh, yeah! can i spin first?
pam:  well, it doesnt spin. well just move the wheel one notch each morning and… you see what chore you get that day.
kevin:  a wheel is supposed to spin.
erin:  yeah, you know, like  guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh… guh.
pam:  no, im familiar with spinning. its just that wouldnt work with a chore wheel because people might get the same chore-
andy:   bugh, boring. all she talks about is chores.
creed:  a wheel wants to spin, pam.
jim:   spinning would be more fun.
pam:   ‘kay.
kevin:   okay, thats what im talking about! big money, big money!  mug duty?
pam:  yes, you clean all the mugs in the sink.
kevin:  this sucks.
erin:  yeah, seriously, its like everything on there is work.
pam:  i dont think you guys understand why were doing this. its-
kevin:  yeah, i dont think that you understand wheels.
pam:  ive been through several rounds of development with the team and heres where we stand with the chore wheel.  weve got prizes! ten bucks, candy bar, manager for an hour but, there are also penalties. like, no internet, stanley gets your lunch. the one thing that is not on the chore wheel is chores. but they were right; its more fun this way.
pam:   the tiny wheel actually does have chores. its so cute no one seems to mind.
pam:   toilets! 
jim:   pam, we gotta go. cece, go back inside. grandmas got breakfast, ok?  we are going to roys wedding. yep, roy. i think the only weird thing about going to your wifes ex-fiancés wedding on a weekday at eight am is that its your wifes ex-fiancé.
pam:   thanks, mom!
jim:   a banana?
pam:  yeah. im afraid hes only gonna have hot dogs.
jim:  oh, come on. not even roy will have hot dogs at his wedding.
pam:  planned a wedding with him. he wanted hot dogs.
jim:   just… so weird.
erin:   oh, pete, youve got mail.
pete:  really? i got something?
erin:  well, its addressed to customer service so, its your mail.
clark:  well, you know, im also customer service.
erin:  yeah, im alternating. 
pete:   yay, another person yelling at me.
erin:  well, it could be a nice letter. i write nice letters to companies all the time.
pete:  thats really nice.
clark:   wow, newsweek, huh? this election… thing is crazy, right?
pete:   its open.
erin:  oh yeah, i accidentally read it. its not a nice letter.
pete:   ok.
nellie:   get excited. the special projects fairy has arrived.
creed:  i know you dont really exist.
nellie:  today, i launch my big charity initiative ‘operation give back. andy has shot down all of my special projects thus far but, this one is about charity. so, id like to see him piss on that one.
roy:   darryl! ha-ha! whats happening?
darryl:  congratulations, baby!
roy:  ah, thank you!
jim:   is this his house?
pam:  think so.
server:   mimosa?
pam:   thank you.
server:  would you like me to take your peel?
pam:   yes, thank you. 
jim:  ok.
pam:   whos that?
jim:  uh, my ex-fiancé.
pam:   ha-ha.
jim:  i started a new business with my college friend. but, pam doesnt know. um… actually i did tell pam and we decided ‘no. but, then i decided ‘yes anyway. so, im thinking theres another conversation coming. and, its hard to know when that will be.
nellie:  with operation give back, you pick the charities dunder-mifflin supports.
kevin:   oh boy! whats happening?
nellie:  theres four thousand dollars to give away. so, who has filled out their form? stanley?
stanley:  american diabetes association.
angela:  um, you have diabetes, stanley.  im sorry, is the assignment to pick a selfish charity?
toby:  i w-, uh, i would love to give uh-
kevin:   heifers international. listen to this. they give a poor person like, a goat or something. its a great prank.
creed:  i wanna work with, uh, jimmy carter and help build gnomes.
nellie:  dwight, what about you?
dwight:  i will not be participating as there is no evidence that charity works.
andy:  uh, correction, i give to a foundation that teaches homeless children nautical flag signaling. changes lives.
nellie:  thank you, andy.
andy:  im not doing it for you. im doing it for the preservation of nautical flag signaling.
nellie:  dwight, you will be participating.
dwight:  no thank you.
nellie:  participation is mandatory; dwight, but you can choose whatever cause you like.
dwight:  fine, i chose the global relief foundation.
nellie:  great, thank you.
dwight:  which was recently discovered to be a front for the taliban.
nellie:   oh, for goodness sake, dwight.
dwight:  yeah. the taliban in afa-ghanistan.
creed:  the taliban is the worst. great heroine, though.
nellie:  dwight, i cannot have the taliban on the roster of operation give back.
dwight:  well, it looks like there wont be any operation give back. ha, ha. the nanny state is over, ladies and gentlemen. youre welcome. 
jim:   there he is. is it almost time to cut the pancake, or what?
roy:  aw, yeah, god, we appreciate everyone coming so early. its, everyones just been so nice.
jim:  thanks for inviting us, by the way-
roy:  are you kidding?
jim:  that was, that was a surprise.
roy:  come on. if it wasnt for you, i never wouldve met laura. i mean, seriously, kinda dodged a bullet on that one.  just kidding.
jim:  youre welcome.
roy:  thanks…aw.
jim:  by the way, man, this place is… beautiful.
roy:  started a gravel company. i mean, who knew itd take off?
jim:  gravel company?
roy:  yeah. what about you? what are you doing?
jim:  not gravel, obviously.  no, things are good. things are good. got some stuff in the works. so-
roy:  oh, cool.
jim:  yeah, you never know.
kenny:  hey bro, stop wasting time with this haircut.  hes got a fifty-thousand dollar sports car. cheers.
jim:  ok, kenny.
clark:   duncan, listen, i would love to help you out but where am i gonna find somebody thats pretty, smart and well-informed? huh? hold on, hold on.  erin, do you know anybody that might want…  oh my gosh. you love the news, right?
erin:  well, it depends. i mean, sometimes i find out things that are really sad.
clark:  well, i got a buddy thats a big time local news producer and i cant tell you his name, but itd blow your mind.
pete:  uh, is it duncan?
clark:  hes looking for on-air talent and hed kill me if i didnt get you on tape.
erin:  you mean, put me on the news?
clark:  youll just come over, put on little lipstick, loosen up with a glass of red wine and then well just run through a few stories. you know, a couple different ways, with a couple different outfits. itd be really tasteful and itd really help me out with duncan… with my friend.  what do you say? huh?
erin:  maybe, ok? let me think about it.
clark:   ok.
erin:  whoo!
clark:  think it over. 
pete:  no, clarks not my friend. he is the douche that sits next to me at the office. my friends are scott, glenn, and rob. but, you dont know them.
erin:  i never really thought much about being more than a receptionist. but, why? because i happened to answer help wanted ad to be a receptionist? i mean, what if the ad had been for a ceo? or for a brain surgeon?
roy:  so, ah, it was a year ago today that i met laura. i thought she was my waitress and, uh, took her three weeks to tell me that she actually owned the place. you are full of surprises. you are my beautiful mystery girl. and, today, i have a surprise for you. 
jim:  he plays piano?
pam:  no. roy? no.
roy:  you know how i said i was taking boxing lessons? actually, i was doing this. um, so, i hope that you like it. 
darryl:   you got this, roy. 
pam:   we still surprise each other.
jim:  definitely.
pam:  you know, i never did it, but for your 30th birthday i really wanted to surprise you with-
jim:  courtside seats. sixers.
pam:  yes. but, what i didnt tell you is that i actually bought the tickets. we only didnt go because it was-
jim:  it was an away game.
pam:  in phoenix. they should really tell you that more specifically. i mean, every game is an away game for one of the teams.  do we know everything about each other?
jim:  no.
pam:  tell me one thing about you i dont know.
jim:   um, ok. 
jim:   oh, heres one. did i ever tell you about the time that my brothers videotaped the lottery announcement? and bought the winning numbers the next day? and then, played the tape for me the next week, and i-
pam:  and you thought you guys were millionaires.
jim:  you heard that one.
pam:  yes. but theres, wait, oh, theres a funny ending to that story. i cant remember.
jim:  that i thought we were millionaires.
pam:  thought you were millionaires, yeah. thats funny. shoot, i knew that one.
jim:  thats all right.
angela:  the senator and i still have mystery. im always waiting to see what hes gonna surprise me with next. 
jim:  you all right? 
nellie:  you support the taliban abroad. so i assume youre willing to live by their rules here.
dwight:  anything else would be inconsistent.
nellie:  will you join me then in a pledge to live by taliban law in this office? 
dwight:   absolutely, i will.
dwight:  i feared nellie had some sort of a plan but she used a ridiculous font. huh.  you dont have a plan.
nellie:  when you use a ridiculous font, no one thinks you have a plan.
nellie:   looking for this?
dwight:  what the? 
nellie:  oh, this is a lovely pen. ah. but, its mine now because i stole it.
dwight:   gimme that.
nellie:  didnt you sign a contract to live under taliban law? and now, theres been theft. that means, youre not serious or… someones getting their hand cut off.
dwight:  youre insane.
nellie:  i know. so, its better that you pick another charity.
dwight:  oh, and let your precious operation power grab proceed unchecked? no thank you.
nellie:  in that case, you…  will have to chop off my hand.
dwight:   this cleaver appears to need sharpening. i suggest you spend some quality time together just you and your hand. tie a shoe, toss a salad. do any of the two hand activities that youll miss the most.
nellie:  i tell you what. i need to make three calls. and then after that, you can become a person who chops off peoples hands.
dwight:  sounds like a plan.
andy:   clark wants to film you in different outfits inside his apartment?
erin:  yeah.
andy:   clark, you and i need to have a little chat. what clothes does erin need for this news audition?
clark:  uh… couple of button-downs, a camisole, a blazer, a pencil skirt, stilettos, maybe, no, no, not maybe, definitely open-toed. uh, something low-cut because the camera makes everything seem higher cut.
andy:  really?
clark:  yeah, industry secret. youre gonna want some of those panty hose with the seam up the back.
pete:  seems unnecessary for an audition.
clark:  and then, you know, maybe just a robe to wear in between takes but i probably got one she can borrow at my place, so-
andy:  thank god someone here knows what their talking about. i want you to take this credit card, take erin to the mall and get that stuff.
clark:  i absolutely will do that.
andy:  awesome.  plop!
clark:  pff. guess ill just head over to the mall then. buy erin some sexy, fun outfits.
pete:  that clark, huh? errr  ca!
oscar:   next question for our oldie-weds-
kevin:  whats the craziest place youve ever made whoopie?
angela:   language.
phyllis:  who was pams first celebrity crush?
oscar:  pams first celebrity crush.
toby:   john stamos.
jim:  ready?
pam:  uh-huh.
jim:   john stamos.
angela:  oh!
pam:  yes. but john stamos was temporary. i quickly moved on to-
toby:  johnny depp.
pam:  johnny depp. 
toby:   sh, uh, um, i was having this separate conversation with kevin. uh, johnny depp.
kevin:  totally. george clooney.
toby:  uh-huh.
angela:  ok, i have one. i have one. 
kevin:   what is the craziest place youve ever made whoopie?
angela:   kevin, stop it with that question.
jim:   right. and did you show them the market? yeah. and whatd they say? thats awesome! that, oh my god! wow!
jim:  its not even real yet. and im not gonna tell her til its real.
pam:  i think maybe there actually is something i dont know about jim.
darryl:  everyone, we have a voluntary meeting in the conference room to discuss erins confidence.
andy:  her body. were gonna talk about her body.  good. great job.
darryl:  andy made me his consigliere. which means assistant regional manager. i guess he thought id be into the godfather cause im black. wrong! im into the godfather cause im a cinephile. i like scarface cause im black.
andy:   erin has an audition to be a newscaster. 
andy:  uh-huh. and i want her to feel very comfortable in her very sexy skin. so, everybody say something that you like about her body. all right? darryl.
darryl:  ok, um, i like erins hair. its a very pretty color.
andy:  yeah, right?
jim:  im sorry. this is for a news audition?
andy:  yeah.
oscar:  then why are we talking about her looks? why not her credibility? or her reliability?
andy:  news flash everyone. the human race finds attractive people more trustworthy.
oscar:  im so sorry, andy, but for twenty years, the most trusted man in america – walter cronkite.
meredith:  cronkite was hot. if i could go back in time, id take that mustache ride.
oscar:  does erin have any experience? has she taken any journalism classes, maybe? or…
angela:  has she done the pageant circuit?
erin:  no, i watch the news.
andy:  shes gonna be amazing. look at her. shes gonna light up the screen.
erin:  this is a first for me. and, i dont get a lot of chances, so i have to take them really seriously. i will do whatever it takes to get the job.
clark:   whatever it takes.
pete:   yeah, i know, i heard. i heard.
dwight:   this is it. any questions?
nellie:  is it gonna be long?
dwight:  no. its gonna be over before you know it.
erin:   afghan president hamid karzai declared a new policy of dollar days throughout the country. promising low, low prices on all 2012 kia sentras and sonatas. arent you glad you waited? karzai commented.
darryl:  um, where did you get that story?
erin:  a little bit here, a little bit there. i bet you didnt think i knew current events.
andy:  i love it. its fantastic. now, tag it with your name.
erin:  for channel 11 news, im erin hannon.
andy:  pause after ‘news.
erin:  for channel 11 news… im erin hannon.
andy:  no, pause longer.
darryl:  that was a good one.
andy:  pause, pause longer. ok? builds suspense. dont be shy.
erin:  got it. for channel 11 news… 
andy:  wha, its-
erin:  im erin hannon.
andy:  ok. all right. great. some great stuff in there.
jim:   i can feel you looking at me.
pam:  ok. well, heres something you dont know. a couple of weeks ago-
jim:  uh-huh.
pam:  i ran into this guy from my high school who has just gotten divorced and he hit on me. in the mall. and i didnt tell you because, i dont know, i felt embarrassed. and, i didnt know if you would be mad or worried. but, anyway, i thought youd want to know.
jim:   that didnt happen. you wouldve told me right away.
pam:  yeah, i wouldve. what about you? come on, theres gotta be something. between your birth and the last two days, something you just havent had the chance to tell me.
jim:  uh… 
pam:   just tell me.
jim:  god, give it up, beesley. you know me too well.
dwight:  heh! ha!  
pete:  hey, um, i knew something bothered me and i finally figured it out. what news producers are gonna want to see is how erin relates to the other people on the news team.
erin:  oh.
pete:  the weird thing is erin is doing the audition alone.
erin:  oh god.
pete:  now, id say clark could be your co-host… hes already doing camera.
erin:  tuh.
pete:  someone whos already got rapport with erin, maybe. i dont know. 
dwight:  ha!  this is for real this time.
darryl:  its getting late. i thought you guys could use a little  inspiration.
nellie:   oh, a movie. what is this?
darryl:  127 hours. its about this guy who-
dwight:  no, no. no spoilers. please.
darryl:  my bad.
dwight:  no.
darryl:  goodnight.
clark:   hey! everybody.
andy:  yeah.
clark:  come in.
andy:  all right!
clark:  come on in.
andy:  nice.
clark:   whatre you doing here?
pete:  sorry, man. andy though erin needed a co-anchor. im his makeup guy. my hands are tied.
erin:   the victim was released from the hospital with second-degree burns.
andy:   wow. you know what they say erin. if you cant take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
erin:  well, he tried to but the fire door was blocked.
andy:  he sure did.
clark:  all right. we got that. thats a rap, everybody.
erin:  aw!
andy:  just, you sure clark?
clark:  yep, shes done.
andy:  no, i just, i dont mean erin. i mean for me. i didnt feel good about that.
clark:  no, we got it. we got it.
erin:  great! lets get some food. im starving.
andy:  i dont think we did get it. i could do, uh, a couple more takes. we could do it in close-up. that might even be better for editing.
clark:  ok, i dont.
andy:  all right.
erin:  im hungry.
andy:  uh, pete, you wanna take erin to get a burger or something?
pete:  yeah, whatever you say, boss.
andy:  ok.  ill call you later.
erin:  ok.
andy:   so this is a single.
erin:  hey, even if this doesnt work out for me, im just glad i had the guts to do it. and, maybe itll work out for andy.
dwight:   oh god.
nellie:  that is absolutely revolting!
dwight:  yeah.
nellie:  he is so good, though.
dwight:  yes.
nellie:  the way he just cuts off his arm.
dwight:  if you like james franco, we really should watch rise of the planet of the apes.
nellie:  well, hes a genius, you know? he was in graduate programs at yale, columbia and nyu all at the same time.
dwight:  whoopty doo. that doesnt make you a genius.
nellie:  well, it doesnt make you stupid.
dwight:  yeah, it does, actually. it makes you real stupid.
nellie:  stupid like you.
dwight:  no, like you.
nellie:  like you.
dwight:  youre the stupid one.
nellie:  youre the stupid one.
dwight:  youre the stupid one.
nellie:  youre the stupid one.
dwight:  you, you, you, you…
