erin:  oh. hey, champions.
toby:  good morning.
clark:  quater finals in an hour.hope you got some sleep cause i am going to be haunting your nightmares tonight.
erin:  i did. i got some really good sleep.
clark:  did you? 
erin:   bzzz.
dwight:  yesterday was the first round of a branch wide paper airplane contest.it was being sponsored by weyer-hammer paper in an effort to get us to sell more of their new product airstream deluxe a4, the cadillac of paper. its not so easy on the environment, if you know what i mean.  practically made of plastic.
nellie:  we started with sixteen brave aviators. some use skill , others relied on showmanship  others seem not to comprehend what a paper airplane is.  and of course, there was the odd moment of heartbreak and disaster.
toby:  hey i left my glasses down here somewhere. crossing through, beep beep. 
toby:  ow! ow!
pam:  i didnt see you! you should have yelled “crossing!”
toby:   im sorry!
pam:  ok, so is that my spot?
nellie:  we are now down to an elite eight.well, seven and toby.
andy:   be careful of that beaker, it contains dangerous acid!
darryl:  it does not say dangerous. and theres no exclamation point.
andy:  well im just trying to bring some life to it.
andy:  last week i got an agent and uh, this week i got a movie. hrpdc chemical handling protocols.its gonna be seen by tons of workers in the industrial chemical community. one of whom could have a cousin whose brothers brad pitt.and boom, next thing you know, im in moneyballs two.
toby:  andy?
andy:  go away, were running lines.
toby:  you wanted to see the gooey eye.
andy:  oh yeah. alright, get over here. i am so freaked out by things going into eyes. i just- wow.  uggggh! i cant even, im so freaked out by that, just go. go go go go go.
toby:  alright, its getting gooier so well just do it later.
andy:  yeah, ok.  alright. where were we?
darryl:  something full of acid.
andy:  and remember:do not attempt to extinguish a chemical fire with water. you will only exacerbate the flame. the dangerous flame.
darryl:   that was great man. alright, im out of here.
andy:  w-w-w-wait. stop stop stop. dont go anywhere.i just need to find more colors. lets do it six more times.
jim:  hey. i just wanted to say that you woke up early with the kids and let me sleep and i really appreciate that.
pam:  thank you. i appreciate that you appreciate that.
pam:  so, we had couples therapy.
jim:  no shame in that. get it all out in the open.
pam:  and we have homework.
jim:  yes, we are supposed to look for every chance to acknowledge and appreciate each others sacrifices. because i need to appreciate what pams been doing to run the house while im in philly.
pam:  and were also supposed to speak our truths.
jim:  mmhm.
pam:  because if i had spoken my truth sooner about not wanting to move to philly, then maybe we wouldnt have had this opportunity for couples therapy.
jim:  oh, were supposed to call everything we dont want to do “opportunities.”
andy:  heads up everyone. if you really need something from me today, lets get it done tomorrow.carla fern got me a gig.
pam:  hey!
andy:  yeah.
stanley:  whos carla fern?
andy:  who is carla fern? well, wow. uh, shes my agent and my drill sargent. and one of my best friends. oh, and oscar, i already figured it out. if i have to get emotional in the film, im just going to think about you getting dumped by the senator.
oscar:  why wouldnt you use your own life? erin just dumped you.
andy:  little raw. not cool oscar.
oscar:  but you just!
andy:  not cool.
nellie:  hey. day two. drama in the warehouse skies. this is robert from weyer-hammer paper, who will be joining us to judge the final rounds.
robert:  whos pumped for the quarter finals, huh?
dwight:  im pumped!
erin:  clarks a dead man.
robert:  alright. sounds like somebody wants to walk away with this. 
angela:  oh my god!
group:  whoa.
angela:  nellie you didnt tell us we could win money.
nellie:  oh yes i did, i told you all. it was..um, cause thats an awful lot of money for me to forget.
stanley:  not one of us remembers you saying anything about two thousand dollars.
nellie:  i forgot. i completely forgot. but at least now that large piece of cardboard that man was carrying around makes sense.
erin:  nellie, this is a competition.please take it seriously.
nellie:  oh please. 
angela:  me? oh, im fine. i mean, sure, times are leaner now that im separated from the senator.but my new studio apartment is just fine  for me.. and phillip… and tinky… and crinklepuss, and bandit 2, and pawlick baggins, and lady aragorn and their 10 kittens.
phillip:  
angela:  come here, come here. lets go.
angela:  i had a chance with dwight, but i didnt take it. and if i went back now, when im broke and he just inherited a farm, id be one of those gold-digging tramps you read about that try to bag a farmer.
dwight:  i offered myself to angela and she turned me down. if she changes her mind, the next move is hers. im with esther now.shes younger than angela, sturdier, more comfortable with the scent of a manured field. lets be honest. when it came to manured fields, angela was at best indifferent.
clark:  oh, wide wings, interesting.
erin:  hey. why dont you back off?…i mean best of luck to you in the competition.
erin:  growing up in an orphanage, you have to fight other kids. for everything. snacks, pillows, parents. im kinda worried about pete seeing that side of me. i once ripped greedy susans pigtail right off her head. just for a handful of crispix.
carla fern:  are you in that paper documentary too?
darryl:  yep.
carla fern:  do you need an agent?
andy:  no. hes- i mean, youve never acted in anything before. hes just my entourage.
darryl:  i was in the whiz in high school.
andy:  thats the cleaky clacker! he clicks that and then the guy says “action.”
carla fern:  hey, i made them get you a chair.all my clients sit.
woman:  can i take your picture?
andy:  i guess its starting. um, yeah.of course. yeah sure.tell you what. ill put my arm around you and then i can take it-
woman:  we just need a picture of the top of your head in case we burn some of your hair off.
andy:  got it. 
woman:  no, if you could just keep it down until..
andy:  sorry.
nellie:  ok, next up we have two creatures great and small. kevin versus angela.
kevin:  yes!
dwight:  hey, that is a really nice plane.you make that yourself?
kevin:  uh huh.
dwight:  well, what am i thinking? of course you made that yourself. cause its in the rules that you have to fold your own plane.
kevin:  of course.
nellie:  kevin, did you make that yourself?
kevin:  yes. in a way. from one that i bought on craigslist.
nellie:  oh man.
dwight:  i call for a refold!
kevin:  no.
angela:  really?  thank you.
kevin:  this is flatter.
dwight:  its a piece of paper. you fold it into an airplane.
nellie:  ok, thats enough.this is the end of the ring now. you have to pick one.
kevin:  i cant. i love them all too much. and, none of them fly. so that makes it harder.
nellie:  you have to choose one now.
kevin:  fine. 
nellie:  angela advances.
erin:  nice.
dwight:   whoo!
angela:  was dwight rooting for me? hmm. i hadnt noticed.
kevin:  im not giving up.im going to keep making planes until one of them flies. like wilbur and orville redenbacher.
jim:  an earl grey tea for the lady.
pam:  oh, thank you. i acknowledge and appreciate that you went out of your way to get me tea.
jim:  thank you. i like being appreciated. but, to speak my truth, it wasnt out of the way because i felt like a tea anyway. so, one trip.
pam:  well, to speak my truth, i switched to coffee in march.theres a new espresso machine. but i still acknowledge and appreciate the gesture.
director:  we are rolling and…action!
andy:   this video is to demonstrate the hprdc chemical handling protocols. these protocols could save you from severe injury, even death.
producer:  ok, um, stop. um, why are you smiling so much?
andy:  just made a character choice to be a scientist who really likes what he does and enjoys his job.
director:  ok, well maybe no smiling on this one.
andy:  so how do you want, how should i do it?
director:  i dont know, just like youre reporting the news or something. ok?
andy:   this video is to demonstrate the hprdc chemical handling protocols.
director:  ok.
andy:  its tom brokaw, its a newscaster.
director:  who was that?
andy:  tom brokaw!
dwight:  come on clark!
angela:  come on clark. 
dwight:  whoa!
erin:  yeah! oh! eat it piggy! eat it! oink oink oink oink!
clark:  weve still gotta work together, so we should keep it civil.
erin:   i cant hear what you said.  you got your slop? 
clark:  you know what, this is completely unnecessary.you already won…
pete:  erin! erin! just stop.
erin:  what?
pete:  relax.
nellie:  next up we have dwight and phyllis.
angela:  no you cant baby!  good luck.
dwight:  watch and learn.
erin:  wow.
group:  oh!
nellie:  dwight defeats phyllis, dwight you are through to the semi-finals.
dwight:  yes!
angela:  whoo!
dwight:  oh, esther.
esther:  hey.
dwight:  what are you-  youre here early.
esther:  yeah, i plucked the chickens extra fast cause i knew i was seeing you tonight. there might just be a little feather in your nuggets or a little bit of meat inside of your pillow.
dwight:  i like a little feather in my nuggets. 
nellie:  alright ladies and gentlemen, we are down to the final four. dwight, erin, angela and god only knows how, but toby. one of you will walk away with two thousand dollars.
erin:  yeah!
director:  ok here you have just knocked over the beaker, the chemicals splashed in your eye.
andy:  which is insanely painful.
director:  yeah.
andy:  and ive already picked a few childhood memories to tap in to, to really express that pain.
director:  thats great. so what youre gonna do then is come over here to the eye washing station and then just kinda flush out your eyes.you know, get the chemicals out. alright?
andy:  so i just lean over this thing and then youll add the water special effect later?
director:  what water special effect?
producer:  yeah, yeah just hold your lids open with one hand and let the stream bathe your eyeballs.
andy:  im not comfortable doing my own stunts. ill get nude if you want me to, ill go full lena dunham but i-
director:  dude, we dont need you to go nude, ok? so just do the eyewash, ok? thats all were asking.
andy:  darryl, what do i do?
darryl:  hold up, im looking at my spit with a microscope.
andy:  they want me to use real water in the eye wash scene.
darryl:  so?
andy:  i cant squirt stuff in my eyeball.ive never even used an eye dropper.
andy:  carla! carla!
nellie:  it is time for a little t &amp; a. i give you: toby and angela.
angela:   oh my god! oh my god. ok its your turn. [toby crumples plane and steps aside.
nellie:  well, angela is the winner.
angela:  yes!
esther:   is there a reason that were excited for that little woman?
dwight:  yes. i pity her. she was recently in a situation where she could have had it all, and instead she lost everything.
esther:  oh. is she a gambler?
dwight:  in a way.but not in a stand up and cheer kind of way, like the song.
esther:  hmm. that is sad.
carla fern:   andy! if you dont stick your eyes in that machine, im going to call every production in north eastern pennsylvania.you wont even make an appearance on a security camera! 
producer:  whats the hold up here?
director:  the actors crying.
producer:  oh god.
andy:  she yelled at me. i cant wash my eyeball. i cant do that. i cant.
darryl:  andy bernard cant squirt water in his eye and act like it doesnt freak him out. but you know who can? older male lab assistant number one.
andy:  do you believe in me?
darryl:  i believe i want to go home.
dwight:   yeah! ok! beat that!  whoo! ok.
erin:  dammit! dammit, god.  sorry. yeah im fine. im fine. i got mad. cause i dont like losing. im just gonna- sorry im mad! im mad, im really mad. i wanted to win. we were gonna win a lot of money, i was gonna buy you a sweater. its stupid. just the whole contest is stupid. thats how it feels.
pete:  yeah.  whoa!
erin:  sorry im mad! i dont like losing! i thought i was going to win!
pete:  ok  hey hey hey, whoa.
erin:  sorry. sorry. im going to go upstairs and just…
pam:  oh, i made us a date to take my mom out to dinner to thank her for all that extra babysitting.
jim:  well, you know how much i appreciate the opportunity to hang out with your mom more. so let me just put this in my calendar.
pam:  i acknowledge with gratitude that you are being kind and responsible enough to include it in your calendar.
jim:  thank you. your mom is a treasure.
pam:  well, i appreciate that some opportunities can be unpleasant- 
jim:  hey thats work, hold on. hey wade, did cole hamels call back or what? great. good.
pam:  uh, to speak my truth, id appreciate if you hung that up cause we were in the middle of a conversation.  i appreciate the sacrifice.
jim:  ok to speak my truth, that was a little sarcastic. i think thats a little unfair.
pam:  really? ive been putting the kids to bed by myself every night for a months. and you had to miss one phone call. is that your truth, jim? thats really your truth?
jim:  i guess i will swallow my truth.
clark:  are you guys high? because if so, to speak my truth, i would appreciate the sacrifice of including me in some hits off your kind buds.
pam:  were not high.
pam:  i wish wed started this exercise six months ago. my heart just feels so… blocked up.
kevin:  the mark 47 is ready for launch.  less paste.
director:  here we go. rolling and… action!
andy:   ahhh! ahhh! ahhh! ahhh!!
director:  and cut. we can fix the sound in post.
producer:  yeah.
andy:  i can do a better one.
producer:  thats fine, well move on.
andy:  i said i can do a better one. darryl…
darryl:  action!
andy:   ahh! ahh! ahh!
carla fern:  kid can act!
andy:  yeah! yeah.
nellie:  each contestant will throw two aeroplanes.
dwight:  after you.
angela:  thank you.  oh god!
nellie:  angelas first throw, terrible. dwight.
dwight:   oh! oh man! it slipped out of my hand, what a whiff. ah, howd that happen? god. 
esther:  we want you to win. dwight told me about your situation. its such a pity. use the money wisely. 
dwight:  alright.
angela:  dont you dare tank this. 
nellie:  and we have a winner. and its dwight. and it is everyone because this is over.
creed:  two grand huh? i know a guy who can turn that into eight hundred dollars. and its me.
angela:   well, i guess you needed the money more than me huh? use it wisely.
angela:  i was disappointed in dwight today. he showed a weakness that was unbecoming. even if he did do it for me. i dont need pity and i dont need charity. i have my dignity and thats enough. and as long as i have that, ill be ok.
jim:  i know this was really weird, and it was really hard. but i think were making progress. so im really sorry that i have to go but lets keep at this. ok?
pam:  ok. 
pam:  jim! 
jim:  thanks.
pam:  alright, have a good trip.
jim:  bye.
pam:  bye. 
jim:  hey!  i… 
pastor:   love suffers long and is kind. it is not proud. love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. love never fails.  and now these three remain: faith, hope and love. but the greatest of these is love. 
pam:  i love you.
jim:  i love you.
