oscar:   can you guys come with me for a minute?
oscar:  i know you saw me with the senator. i think im in love, possibly for the first time. so yes, senator lipton and i are having an affair.i hope that i can count on your sensitivity, maturity and discretion. …why?
andy:  alright, good. yeah. just sell it and get the best price you can, okay?
white:  or we can hope for a holiday rally?
andy:  white, im not a day trader, im just a first responder in a disaster.
pam:  andys family had a total meltdown.his dad blew through all their money and took off to argentina with a younger woman.
jim:  and his brother, walt jr., locked himself in the wine cellar.
pam:  the weirdest part is andy. the aftermath got dumped on him and the way hes been handling it is just..so..
jim:  competent.
pam:  right?
andy:  are the ‘nards hurting? yeah, you bet. got kicked pretty hard. family shattered, super sad. but, im kinda crushing it in the damage control department. so, thats cool. i wish my dad could see me now. of course he caused this whole mess, so,  him.
oscar:  kevin, listen to me. im in love with the senator. and i need time to sort this out in a responsible matter so i need your help in keeping it a secret because this means the world to me. ok?
kevin:  thats beautiful. no, i totally get that.
oscar:  can you do this, kevin?
kevin:  i really want to. whatever happens, always remember that.
oscar:  i dont know what that means. hey, hey-
pam:   oh, great! yeah, um, ill get right back to you.  hey guys! anyone ever heard of iris black on the radio?
creed:  yeah, she hosts the dr. laura show.
pam:  nope, thats dr. laura. well, her show biz whiz wants someone from dunder mifflin to come on the air today. does anybody feel particularly passionate about local business issues? 
dwight:  i do! i do. i do. i do. i do.
dwight:  the media can make you famous. and do you have any idea how easy it is to sell something when youre famous?  “uh, yeah wow. 10 reams of 40 pound bond at only $690 after discount? um, whatever you say, brad pitt.” its that easy.
meredith:  hey, so that good looking single brother of yours? heard hes on a downward spiral with booze.
andy:  yeah. hes in rehab actually.
meredith:  which place? the one right near philly? i could be there in an hour.
andy:  no, its in new mexico.
meredith:  oh…so..- how are you holding up?
andy:  were done meredith.
dwight:   blah blah blah, rat tat tat tittle tattled and prattled on about the little metal bottle, she spat a bit of spittle…
jim:  dwight!
dwight:  …in a bitter battle..hey, hey! stop questioning my methods, ok? i was chosen for this task for a very good reason.
jim:  no, you chose yourself.
dwight:   tricky siskel spat a bit of wicked biscuit….
andy:  alright, guys. a lot of assets here that my dad couldnt steal.now, first of all, there is the family boat. 43 foot tartan sloop. my lawyer has lined up a buyer in the bahamas, the sale would cover the cost of a condo and living expenses for my mom.
darryl:  sounds great.
oscar:  perfect.
andy:  totally, except it is a no go. this boat was the heart and soul of the family. so…what else we got? non-boat ideas. 
kevin:  what happened?
angela:  jammed. this day couldnt get worse. 
kevin:  yeah, i think this day could get worse.
angela:  what does that mean?
oscar:  kevin!
kevin:   i dont know what youre talking about. 
erin:  she could get like sixty packages of ramen noodles for five bucks. she could eat for a month.
andy:  alright, whats the grand total? did we make our nut?
darryl:  if we sell everything but the boat, your mom should be set for about six months.
andy:  guys, you dont understand, this boats been in our family since before i was born.
erin:  dont you guys have that place where you used to spend your summers and have all those memories?
darryl:  i worked at a jiffy lube.
erin:  see? i bet you wouldnt sell that jiffy lube for all the money in the world. would you darryl?
darryl:  i would if i owned it and i went broke.
andy:  alright, uh…alright. im gonna tell the lawyer to pull the trigger on the boat.
andy:  yes the boat means everything to my family, but we need the money. got the memories, dont need the boat. cant cry about it.what are you gonna do? cry about it?  excuse me.
pam:   oh, ok. no problem. thanks. hey guys, wptu called.the interviews off. theyre opening a new cupcake store at the steamtown mall and iris wants to cover that, so…
nellie:  well why dont i go and tell dwight so he can stop being such a complete nipple.
pam:  hes gonna be disappointed.
jim:  yes. he is. and you know what? we cannot let that happen.
pete:  fax?
erin:  oh yeah, just. watermelon teeth. this isnt how i would cheer up just anyone. but, its a girlfriends job to know her man and i know andy.  hes seriously juvenile.
pete:  cool. hes like 40 though, right?
erin:  oh no, he couldnt be more than late thirtys. tops.
pete:  awesome. have fun.
dwight:  vroom! dunder mifflin. dunder mifflin. good. sounds-  this is dwight shrute.
pam:   please hold for ms. black.
nellie:   and welcome back to biz whiz. im iris black. on the line we have dunder mifflins senior sales associate dwight shrute.
dwight:  iris, thank you so much for having me.
erin:   hey! my teeth are all this stuff in my mouth. 
andy:  uh, did you need something?
erin:  oh, i just need your signature on this.
andy:  ok.  thanks.
angela:  kevin, were out of 11-38 forms. did you order more?
kevin:  i… did not.
angela:  i dont know why im surprised. literally nothing you do could surprise me anymore.
kevin:   oh really, angela? thats interesting. cause i do think that i could surprise you. i think that i could surprise you..oh!  i have to go to the bathroom!
angela:  that doesnt surprise me.
oscar:  that actually wasnt the worst cover. id say at least once a week, kevin runs out of the room shouting that he has to go to the bathroom.
jim:   see these forms…
kevin:  i have to go to the bathroom! 
kevin:   i have to go to the bathroom!
kevin:  
erin:  ok, who wants to go for a super fun lunch with a super fun girlfriend?
andy:  look, its not that i dont want-
erin:  ok, come on. i got someone to cover the phones, i heard on the radio about a new cupcake place we could go for dessert…perfect.
andy:  all i ever wanted to do was sail the damn thing. but dad wouldnt let me. said “you cant be a skipper until youre a man.” you know, id reach for the wheel and hed smack my hand away. well guess what? now im the man of the family and… were selling the damn thing. so im never gonna have the chance.
erin:  well, when does the boat leave, exactly?
andy:  tonight.
erin:  then screw lunch. lets go for a sunset sail.
andy:  yeah right. its in stamford, connecticut. we have to leave like right now.
erin:  ok, well then lets leave like right now.
andy:  yeah, ok.
erin:  yeah! ok! lets go.
andy:  seriously?
erin:  of course, seriously. get your coat on.
andy:  alright.
erin:  alright.
andy:  lets do it.
erin:  lets do it!
dwight:   iris, let me tell you. david wallace is the ceo, but hes not hands on.
nellie:   so the day-to-day operations are entirely under your command?
dwight:  entirely is the perfect way to describe it, iris.
nellie:  uh, excuse me.  im being told by my sound engineer, steve that uh there is a clinking sound coming from your end. does your shirt have buttons?
dwight:  yes..?
nellie:   im so sorry were going to have to ask you to remove the shirt all together.
dwight:   now then, we were saying.when my workers-gather-
nellie:  oh, im so sorry. i am told we are still having problems mr. shrute.  your voice, its sounding a little feminine.
dwight:  thats impossible.
nellie:  are you by any chance wearing pants with a metallic zipper?
angela:  the senator is exhausted. this campaign is wearing him out.
oscar:  thats a tough one.
angela:  that man hes up against is so dirty. and the senators just pushing back as hard as he can.
kevin:  please, stop.
angela:  what?
kevin:  please, stop.
angela:  anyways, last night he was tired and just wanted a little mexican brought in. 
kevin:   i cant, its too much! 
oscar:  im in big trouble.
kevin:  yeah, oscars in big trouble.
dwight:   ok, how is my voice now?
nellie:  im getting the all clear from steve, so mr. shrute, what is your response to the consumer product safety commission that says dunder mifflin paper is toxic?
dwight:   this is gotcha journalism. you know what? theyre not gonna gotch me.
oscar:  its clearly not an accounting mistake.
toby:  yeah.
oscar:  so…
toby:  kevin.his gambling problem mustve resurfaced. im gonna have to send him home until i can do an investigation.
oscar:  well, youve gotta do what youve gotta do.
dwight:  this is slander, ms. black. slander i say!  i dare you to produce one credible source about this.
nellie:  well, as it happens we have with us the foreman of your upstate new york paper mill, sandra mc…sandra mick 
pam:   good afternoon iris, its a pleasure.
nellie:  lets get straight to the point. is your paper toxic?
pam:  no the papers not toxic.
dwight:  thank you sandra!
pam:  unless its exposed to oxygen. then it becomes extremely toxic!
dwight:  do not listen to her! this employee is obviously disgruntled! 
jim:  what the heck is going on?! the stock prices are plummeting! are you gonna take control of the message or do i have to send in someone who understands the media?!
dwight:  get out of here moron! 
nellie:  excuse me, mr. dwight, who are you talking to?
dwight:  uhhhh….no one.
nellie:  did you just call ms. mick a moron?
dwight:  no, everythings fine.
nellie:  are you insulting my guests?
dwight:  
kevin:   yeah, i will be right there. hey oscar, what if im getting a promotion?
oscar:  i hope thats it, kevin.
kevin:  me too. cause then, i would get my own office. and i wouldnt screw up your secret with angela. ive been really worried about that.
toby:  hi, kevin. look, i need to talk to you about-
kevin:  hi.
oscar:  guys? excuse me. um, a quick word, please just..
kevin:  oscar, were in the middle of talking.
oscar:  oh, youre right im so sorry. snack machine on me. 
kevin:  oh that is nice. classy move. 
dwight:   thats what im saying! no of course not!
kevin:  what are you doing?
oscar:  those figures i gave you? theyre false.
toby:  how?
oscar:  i was mad at kevin, we had a fight and i acted vindictively.
toby:  so you set him up.
oscar:  yes, hes innocent.
toby:  i knew it. i knew it from the beginning it was possible.
oscar:  what are you talking about? i just did this now.
toby:  a few years ago, when i was on the jury of the scranton strangler..
oscar:  sure.
toby:  i always thought he might have been set up but i felt pressured to convict.
oscar:  thats gotta be tough.
toby:  tough? i put an innocent man on death row.
nellie:  the fallout from this mornings revelation continues to mount, since mr. dwight shrute began speaking, dunder mifflin share prices fell 73%.mr. shrute, shareholders demand accountability from corporate leadership. can we announce your resignation at this time?
dwight:  my resignation? what are you talking about? no! i was just following orders! listen, the person responsible for this catastrophe is the ceo and chairman, david wallace!
erin:  thats yours?
andy:  thats the family boat!
erin:  oh my gosh, andy! this is enormous!
andy:  right?
erin:  i thought it was gonna be tiny. oh my gosh its beautiful. so this is how your family came to america.
boat guy:  move.
andy:  sorry?
boat guy:  trying to rig a boat here.i dont know how to do that when youre standing in the way.
andy:  sure, i um..i didnt know.
boat guy:  im not a ghost, so i cant walk through people.
andy:  ok.
erin:  gee, he was salty.
andy:  geez, a little bit.  how you doing old buddy? missed you.
erin:  what does that one do?
andy:  it raises the main sail. that was my job when we went sailing.
erin:  i wish i had seen you do it.
andy:  really?
erin:  yeah.
andy:   up she goes!
boat guy:  dont do that. dont do that.
andy:  oh, its ok. my girlfriend and i were actually gonna take her for a little spin and a picnic before you guys head out tonight. you know what? get some dinner on me.
boat guy:  nope. cant do that.
andy:  you got it. you know what then, well just take it for a quick little spin around the harbor. 
boat guy:  weve already started boarding. and no one is insured to rig her up right now except us.
andy:  you know what? chill, ok? i own the boat. not gonna sue myself. alright, so just-  wow.
boat guy:  i can smack you all day if you keep touching what youre not supposed to touch.
andy:  ok, fine.
boat guy:  ok.
andy:  yeah, fine.
boat guy:  good stuff.
andy:  good stuff. nice stuff.   damn it! screw you dad! ..ah.
erin:  well, were doing it. were finally having a picnic on the boat.
andy:  ive had a thousand picnics on this boat. the point was for me to sail it.
erin:  andy, you never had to sail the boat to be a man.
andy:  fine. but i could have.
erin:  as long as were on this boat, as far as im concerned, youre the captain.
andy:  i am the captain.
erin:  yeah.
andy:  right?
erin:  yeah.
andy:  im the captain.  hey, charm school.
boat guy:  what?
andy:  im taking it over from here.
erin:  nice!
boat guy:  i hate to uh, ruin this moment…or breakdown, but you already signed the papers. so, if you want your boat back, you can pick it up there in the bahamas in 10 days.
andy:  yeah, i know cause im sailing it there.
boat guy:  ok, no. i already said, youre not getting back your deposit.
andy:  fine. good. keep it. just leave the supplies, i paid for those. but how much for that cool fisherman sweater?
nellie:  for those just joining us, terror in greenwich.where police have surrounded the house of dunder mifflin ceo david wallace. wallace is said to be despondent over the companys stock plummet and is taking a mailman hostage. on the line, we have chief of greenwich police, mr. bill jackson .
jim:   good afternoon! 
dwight:  please sir! spare him. please.
jim:  uh, this wallace guy is lookin at hard time. and we only know this because of what dwight snoot said on record!
dwight:  ok, everyone. everyone, hold on! ive got a solution. i know wallaces phone number, everyone hold, ill conference him in.
nellie:  oh, mr. shrute, theres really no need to, um involve mr… wallace.
erin:  do you even know what youre doing?
andy:  yeah. yeah i know how to hoist the mail sail, i know to…i, i, these buttons control boat pumps and stuff. i also know where the booze stash is. so, hello. walt?
walt jr.:  oh god, thank goodness youre here. i was having a little trouble with this door. yesterday. i um, i think it was yesterday.
andy:  i thought you were in rehab.
walt jr.:  yeah, uh, i just, i figured id get that first relapse out of the way. god, whats happened to our family? everything is so messed up! how did you even know i was in here?
andy: i didnt.i, i just came to say goodbye to the boat.but ive decided to sail it to bermuda.
erin:  bahamas, andy.
andy:  same thing.  come on. i need a crew. you should be my crew. three weeks, open ocean, no booze. you need this. i need it, we need this. serious bro time, come on.
david wallace:   hello?
dwight:  david, is that you?
david wallace:  dwight?
dwight:  oh, thank god. oh, thank god. are you ok? is everyone ok?
david wallace:  yeah? are you ok?
dwight:  oh, im ok.i just want you to know that i believe in you. i really do. and i believe in your ability to make the right choices. i always have, david.
david wallace:  well, thanks dwight.
dwight:  youre welcome, sir. but david, listen to me carefully. im gonna need you to let the mailman go. ok?
david wallace:  dwight?
dwight:  walk out of the house…
david wallace:  what?
dwight:  …with your hands on top of your head, everything is going to be fine. dunder mifflin will be in good hands while youre away in prison.
david wallace:  ok, dwight, gonna ask you to not call my cell anymore. gotta go.
dwight:   wait a minute, you guys? you heard?
all:  shrute! shrute! shrute!shrute! shrute! shrute! shrute! shrute!
dwight:   shrute! shrute!
dwight:  overall, id say my first radio interview went pretty much the way i expected.
kevin:  well oscar, i did not get the promotion. he just wanted to update my personal information.
oscar:  well, i am sorry kevin.
angela:  why on earth would you think you were getting a promotion?
kevin:  you know what angela? i- oh my god. 
angela:  honey! what are you doing here?
senator liptop:  i just had a little intuition that someone i loved needed a little bit of attention today. oscar, youre looking very healthy. getting lots of vigorous exercise? 
oscar:  no.
angela:  oscar? what is going on? what was that?
senator liptop:  what was that? im sorry, i didnt mean any offense. i was just trying to be friendly.
oscar:  you know what? im sorry. i overreacted. because im stressed out. why am i stressed out? whos not stressed out? whos not stressed out? who-
kevin:  come on oscar, were not just gonna sit here and ignore the obvious. senator lipton has a big election next week. we all need to give him our support. 
senator liptop:  well, thanks everybody.
kevin:  it is really cool! u-s-a! u-s-a!
oscar:  u..s..a. u-
oscar:  i have to say im impressed with kevin. uh, he showed a lot of self-control.
kevin:  i totally forgot about the affair for a minute.  oscar is having sex with the senator and angela doesnt even know.  her life is a complete sham!
andy:  alright guys, cast us off. walt, all aboard! erin, this is because of you.do you realize that? youre the best ever!
erin:   oh, you know. just being a good girlfriend.
andy:   good? come on. above and beyond. worlds greatest. you did this! dammit im happy!
erin:  yes, i am very pleased i did help andy. would i have gone with him if hed asked me? on his sailboat cruise to the caribbean? yes. i think it would have been really fun and romantic.
andy:   ill see you in three weeks!
erin:  ok!
walt jr.:  hey bro! it was here all along. 
andy:  no way!
walt jr.:  way!
andy:  erin i gotta go! thems my chords!
pete:  hey. shes back.
erin:  thanks for covering the phones.
pete:  yeah, no problem. how was it?
erin:  fine.
pete:  hey, some buddies of mine are going to poor richards for beers and pool, you wanna come? i cant promise you too much, but uh, you might get to meet my friend flipper.
erin:  does he have a flipper?
pete:  oh. nope. its not that, he uh, uh he flipped a table one time when he was drunk.
erin:  he sounds like an idiot.
pete:  yeah, he is.
erin:  ok.
pete:  ok.
erin:  thanks.
pete:  yeah.
