jim:   im having second thoughts about one of the shirts i packed. the blue one with the stripes.
pam:  im sure its fine. its a blue shirt.
jim:  well, yeah, but im wondering if its too blue. like, am i making a statement with the blueness?
jim:  i am leaving early today for philly, because tomorrow is the first day of my new job. so i figure id get in at 5:00, check into a hotel at about 6:00 so i can get a real good night of restless sleep and nervous puking.
dwight:  uh, excuse me. trying to get work done. some people dont care about jims new sports job in phila-whatever.
jim:  so you know my job has something to do with sports, but you dont know the end of the word “philadelphia”?
dwight:  philadelphia. from the greek phila meaning “love,” and adelph, meaning “adolf.” “the city that loves adolf.” good luck with your new enterprise and dont wear the blue striped shirt. it makes your neck look like an old mop handle.
erin:  oh…hey, guys, the christmas party is today. merry christmas everyone!
angela:  no.
nellie:  is it?
erin:  i mean, it says “x-mas party,” but i think we all know what thats code for.
kevin:  so were not going to have a christmas party this year? angela, how could you do this to us?
angela:  oh, right, like im responsible cause im in charge of the party planning committee.
kevin:  well, you are the one in charge of it.
angela:  dont blame me for something we all forgot.
oscar:  yeah, lets not blame her for something we all forgot.
oscar:  i didnt realize how many of angelas opinions i agreed with, until she tried to have my kneecap shattered for sleeping with her husband. she makes a lot of very sound points.
phyllis:  i knew the party was today, but nobody asked me to plan it, so i didnt. hmm, funny how that works.
meredith:   were out there sweating our balls off every day, bustin our balls. we deserve a christmas party!
nellie:  well, then, why dont we just get some liquor and those mini-cupcakes?
kevin:  mini-cupcakes? as in the mini version of regular cupcakes, which is already a mini version of cake? honestly, where does it end with you people?
dwight:  what about an authentic pennsylvania dutch christmas? drink some gluhwein, enjoy some hasenpfeffer. enjoy christmas with saint nicolas rural german companion, belsnickel.
jim:  yes! that, that, that! were definitely doing that. are we all in agreement?
kevin:  no.
angela:  no!
jim:  done, right?
angela:  no.
stanley:  no. i want tropical christmas.
meredith:  topless christmas.
creed:  tapas swiss miss.
creed:  spanish tapas, and swiss miss hot cocoa–whats so hard to understand?
dwight:  or, who was it that suggested the authentic pennsylvania dutch christmas? i think it was someone really popular.
phyllis:  we already said no.
angela:  no, no, no.
nellie:  too weird.
dwight:   this is me and my family celebrating pennsylvania dutch christmas in 1982 on the farm. theres me and my brother jeb breaking the ceremonial pig rib. he doesnt come back for christmas anymore. the sepia tint is from an app on my phone. this is the same photo, matrix style.
jim:  im not understanding the confusion. am i the only one who wants to try hufflepuffs and schnauzerhosen, and meet this glenpickle guy?
angela:   party planning cimmittee, emgergency meeting. now.
pam:  im on it.
jim:  right.
pete:  im just hoping german terrorists dont take over this christmas party. make me go all john mcclane on their asses.
erin:  wait, german terrorists? thats oddly specific. and i think–i think you mean john mccain.
pete:  die hard reference.
erin:  i havent seen it.
pete:  you havent seen die hard?
erin:  mm-mmm.
pete:  why havent you seen die hard?
erin:  i dont know, i just havent.
kevin:  come on, you had to have at least seen some of it.
erin:  no.
kevin:  “now, i have a machine gun. ho, ho, ho.”
pete:  “come out to the coast, well get together, have a few laughs.”
erin:  none of this makes any sense to me!
kevin:  oh, yeah, and when he takes the gun off his back, and hes like, “yippie-ki-yay, mother–”
pete:  actually, he doesnt say that there. he says it earlier when hes on the radio with hans.
kevin:  yes, you are right. forgive me.
pete:  oh, thats okay, bud.
kevin:  nope. 
pete:  common mistake.
kevin:  no, its not.
erin:   nerd! do you know every line of the movie?
pete:  my brother dared me to memorize it, and i did it, and loved doing it.
erin:  okay, lets hear it.
pete:  hear what?
erin:  die hard. every line. go.
pete:  “you dont like flying, do you?”
erin:  dont change the subject.
pete:  no, thats the–
erin:  movie is starting.
jim:   were thinking of collaborating with mike schmidt on some of his charity work.
stanley:  i love philly. dirty town.
darryl:   ah-ha-ha! philly! exciting stuff, man.
jim:  whoo!
darryl:  so you sure you remembered everything for your trip?
jim:  yeah, i think so.
darryl:  think that through for a sec.
darryl:  yeah, jims going to philly tomorrow. he said he was gonna take me with him, but that was two months ago. and i havent heard anything since. i mean, he said that, right?
darryl:  what else could you possibly be forgetting?
jim:  uh–
darryl:  things? people?
toby:  you know whos not gonna get to work on some exciting new startup this year? george howard skub, a.k.a. the alleged scranton strangler, because hes in prison  for something he may not have done.
nellie:  im sorry, the–uh, the scranton who?
toby:  the scranton strangler. george howard skub. havent i told you about the jury i was on a couple years ago?
nellie:   oh, what happened? i mean, if you can talk about it, obviously. because if you cant, i mean, i understand.
toby:  i–i could–i could talk about it.
stanley:   see you next christmas.
toby:  i could, sure. have a seat. i would start at the beginning, but i think i need to go farther back.
pam:  were the party planning committee, and we did not get where we are by playing it safe. we got here by being risk takers. and, yeah, dwights party is gonna be terrible. maybe. maybe its not. maybe its going to be great. and if its great…i think we all know what that would mean to us.
phyllis:  lets do it!
pam:  yes! phyllis!
angela:  no. i dont want my name attached to this party.
pam:  what does that even mean? where would your name appear?
angela:  please just take my name off of everything.
oscar:  just take her name off of everything.
pam:   the party planning committee, minus angela, has decided that were all going to do dwights christmas.
dwight:  yes! yeah!  yeah! okay! yes! its a christmas miracle!  yeah! whoo-hoo!
pam:  dwight, there is one rule that you need to take very seriously.
dwight:  uh-huh.
pam:  and that is…
dwight:  uh, oh.
pam:  that there are no rules.
dwight:  you have never been cooler.
jim:  best christmas ever.
pam:  youre welcome.
jim:  thank you.
dwight:   and pennsylvania dutch christmas has officially begun.
meredith:  ugh. what is this stuff, lava?
dwight:  that is gluhwein, otherwise known as glow-wine, also used to sterilize medical instruments. and, interesting factoid, this is the very spoon that guided my soft skull through the birth canal when i was born. enjoy.
pam:  what is it?  dont touch it.
dwight:   somebodys found the hog maw.
pam:  oh!
dwight:  what? its a pennsylvania dutch specialty. hog maw. thats a beauty, isnt it? i dont even want to tell you what its made of until after you try it.
stanley:  ugh. im not eating mystery meat.
dwight:  it is stuffed pig stomach. and, after we finish it, we get to break the pig rib.
jim:  cant wait.
meredith:  weird. where are the sugar cookies? wheres the karaoke machine?
dwight:  this is austere, meredith. this is celebrating christmas for all of the right reasons. the cookies and toys and sweets are mere distractions. i mean, most people dont even know that a candy cane represents a shepherds crook, which i assure you does not taste like peppermint. it tastes like sheep feces.
oscar:  how would anyone even know–
dwight:  have you ever tasted a shepherds crook?
jim:  i dont know. is it what you expected?
pam:  i feel like –dwight is holding a candle and reading a poem.
jim:  so happy right now.
dwight:   wait, what is that i hear? is someone on the roof? how strange.  excuse me. i have to run to my car to take a dump.
kevin:  i wish my car had a bathroom.
pete:  “let heinrich plant the detonators and theo prepare the vault. after that–”
erin:   eh. that wasnt the line. im sorry, pete.
pete:  that is transcribed by some fan. they make mistakes.
erin:  i dont know. this looks pretty legit.  oh, my gosh. i just got an email from andy. that means they hit land.
erin:   “what up, shorty? we got in last night, sold the boat, went out, got drunk, saw life of pi, got super depressed and introspective. gonna hang out here a while. maybe a couple of weeks. figure this whole life thing out. maybe see hobbit. lates.”
pete:  hey. everything okay?
erin:  so what comes next?
pete:  right, um, okay. so he says, uh,  “after we call the police, theyll waste hours trying to negotiate–”
erin:  we should just watch the movie. that makes much more sense.
pete:  or we can just sit and talk, though.
erin:  no. no more talking. its movie time.
pete:  i mean, are you sure…um, yeah, i probably have a copy or two in my car.
erin:  oh, great. great! so were watching die hard, now. good! this is a good plan.
pete:  okay.
toby:   heres the thing about moonlight. its not sunlight.
kevin:   i love this hog mama.
phyllis:  dwight said its “hog maw.”
kevin:   what is maw?!
phyllis:  its the lining of the stomach of–
dwight:   ohh… judgment is nigh, for the belsnickel ist i!
jim:  yes, he is finally nigh.
dwight:  i am nigh!
dwight:  every year, my grandfather would dress up as belsnickel at christmas. he was…okay at it. i am great. you know how they say some people were born to be bad? well, i was born to be belsnickel.
dwight:  ooh, belsnickel has traveled from distant lands to discover how all the boys and the girls have been behaving this last year. whoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!  ohh…too much strudel.
jim:  so hes kind of like santa, except dirty and worse.
dwight:  no, much better–no one fears santa the way they fear belsnickel.
jim:  wow! its my favorite part of christmas. the authority.
pam:  and the fear.
dwight:  yes, exactly!
phyllis:  come on, dwight, youre making this up.
dwight:  no.
oscar:   this is a real thing. “belsnickel is a crotchety, fur-clad gift giver related to other companions of st. nicholas in the folklore of southwestern germany.”
angela:  huh.
pam:  wow.
dwight:  okay, great. seriously, you guys? now you believe in dwights traditions, when some democrat looks it up on wikipedia?
oscar:   “his partner, zwarte piet, or black peter, a slave boy, often portrayed in colorful pantaloons and blackface.”
stanley:  uh-uh. no, dwight. no.
dwight:  oh, come on. we dont blindly stick to every outmoded aspect of our traditions. come on, get with the spirit of it, you guys. 
pete:  okay, karl was actually a ballet dancer in real life. isnt that crazy?
erin:  mm. 
darryl:   jim, that guy.  you gotta stick to your word! like when you say something to a buddy, a real buddy…what are you gonna do, lie? to your buddy?  its awful.
dwight:  take a bowl and pass it down.
phyllis:  thank you, dwight. these are nice.
dwight:  no, these are gift bowls. when you recieve a gift, it will go in the bowl, but the bowls must be returned at the end. theyre a set. now, hold your bowls forward. the belsnickel will decide if you are impish or admirable.
jim:  oh, its like naughty or nice.
dwight:  no, impish or admirable.
jim:  quick question–do you just decide who gets what in the moment, or did you make a list?
dwight:  i decided earlier.
jim:  oh, nice. did you check that list?
dwight:  of course i checked it.
jim:  but more than once? cause you could have made a mistake.
dwight:  i checked it more than once.
jim:  okay, so you made a list, you checked it twice, and now youre gonna find out whos–
dwight:  impish or admirable.
jim:  damn.
dwight:  phyllis vance! cheer or fear? belsnickel is here! i judge your year as…admirable.  there you are.
phyllis:   oh. what are these?
dwight:  its a set of rubber gaskets for canning jars.
phyllis:  id rather have the bowl.
dwight:  you cant have the bowl! oscar martinez, cheer or fear? belsnickel is here! i judge your year …as impish! 
oscar:  ow! you hit people with that thing?
dwight:  no, im carrying around the stick in order to look cool. for the kinder 
jim:  ooh.
pam:   mouse trap.
dwight:  in a head-to-head contest, people prefer belsnickel over santa every time. there arent as many songs about him, but i attribute that more to rhyming difficulties. my brother and i wrote one once. it was about a fickle pickle salesman who would tickle you for a nickel.
jim:  oh, you know what? i gotta go.
dwight:  stop giggling.
pam:  oh, really? already?
jim:  yeah, its all right.
dwight:  its a punishment.  hey, where are you going?
jim:  i have to go to philly. but this was amazing. okay.
dwight:  but you work tomorrow.
jim:  yeah, i know, id just like to settle in and get a good nights sleep.
dwight:  but we were gonna break the pig rib.
jim:  ooh.
dwight:  remember?
jim:  thats right.
dwight:  no matter! belsnickel cares not about this–off with you!
jim:  perfect. merry christmas, everybody.
dwight:  wait, wait, wait, wait! dont you want to know your present?
jim:  you know what? yeah. have at it.
dwight:  jim halpert. cheer or fear? belsnickel is here!  i judge your year as impish. 
jim:  ooh! are you nuts?
dwight:   i judge you impish!
jim:  ow! ow! okay, that is three, and you didnt hit anybody that hard.
dwight:  theyre not abandoning the party. 
jim:  just–just–hey!
jim:   thats enough, im done! okay? agh!
dwight:   impish! 
jim:  aah! ow!
meredith:  belsnickel, i gotta run out early too. 
jim:   oh…what was that? now im gonna be all whipped for my first day at work. god.  one second. oh…
pam:  well…this is it.
jim:  im probably never gonna see you again.
pam:  shut up. im trying to be serious.
jim:  okay, sorry, sorry.
pam:  i cant believe this is actually happening.
jim:  listen, thank you so much for putting that all together. that was the perfect last christmas party. all right, wish me luck.
pam:  okay.  good luck. youre gonna be great.
jim:  ill call you when i get in.
pam:  okay.
jim:  all right.
pam:  love you.
jim:  love you.
pam:  whats going on?
dwight:  partys over. you quit on christmas, christmas quits on you.  and guess what, kids. belsnickel isnt real. its me, dwight! 
phyllis:  we found some old decorations in the warehouse. oscar ran to the store for some food and drink, and i dipped into my stash of eggnog. i guess they needed me after all. its like in its a wonderful life when jimmy stewart realizes that all thos people at the building and loan were just jerks, and he was the real hero.
angela:  kevin. kevin! aaah. stop it!
nellie:  oh, it sounds like the partys starting up out there.
toby:  yeah. so anyway, the entire jury wants me to vote guilty. but then i did a little research of my own, and forget everything you thought you knew about fingerprinting.
darryl:  merediths a little cute. im just realizing. she got, like, a emma stone thing.
darryl:   boo!
pam:  for what its worth, i liked your party better.
dwight:  everyone thought the food was gross, and that belsnickel was some darkly erotic freak.
pam:  i dont think anyone thought that.
dwight:  jim couldnt even stay till the end of the party.
pam:  well, that didnt have anything to do with you.
dwight:  i dont care. guess how much i care on a scale of one to ten.
pam:  zero.
dwight:  damn it!
darryl:  im gonna tell jim to go  himself.
erin:  do you think andy would ever jump off an exploding building tied to a hose for me?
pete:  yeah. definitely.  hey, whats–oh, no, come here.  hey, hey. come on, huh?
erin:   im still andys girlfriend.
pete:  oh, yeah, of course. i know.
erin:  but you can leave your arm.
pam:  dwight, want me to get you some eggnog?
dwight:  no, thanks. ill just have another dumatril. jim taught me this really cool way to take it. you crush it into a powder, and you snort it up your butt.
jim:   yep, i did say that.
pam:  jim!
jim:  whats going on? wheres the belsnickel?
pam:  oh–oh my god!
jim:  what are you doing? last time i saw you, you were whipping me out of the building.
dwight:   shh. lets not speak of that. the pig rib! we could totally break the pig rib! im gonna dig it out of the trash! 
pam:  what happened? did you miss your bus?
jim:  no. i just missed my wife.
dwight:   i found it!
jim:  and i found out that theres a bus at 5:00 a.m.
dwight:  oh!  damn it! jim got the bigger half.
darryl:   back for more, huh? 
jim:  ooh, nog it. let me get some nog.  thanks, phyllis. wheres andy?
darryl:  you!
jim:  oh, hey, man.  oh, you know what? before i forget again, i talked to the guys about hiring you. theyre gonna bring you in for an interview.
darryl:   thats great.
jim:  right?
darryl:  thanks, man.
jim:  hey, of course.
darryl:  i shall come by at your convenience.
jim:  thank you, sir. 
darryl:   whoo!
jim:  go get em.
darryl:   oh! whoa!
dwight:  very impish.
toby:  two dimes, seven nickels–well, okay, no, that doesnt add up. it was one quarter and–
nellie:  shh. 
toby:  what? i was just explaining–
nellie:  shh.
toby:  why wouldnt it–
nellie:   shh.
toby:  but why?
nellie:  no…more…talking.
toby:  are you gonna kiss me?
nellie:  yes. 
